How do you page a collection with LINQ?
Best Practice: Collaborative Environment, Bin Directory, SVN
How do I most elegantly express left join with aggregate SQL as LINQ query
Modify Address Bar URL in AJAX App to Match Current State
What should a longtime Windows user know when starting to use Linux?
How do I create a branch in SVN?
How do I turn on line numbers by default in TextWrangler on the Mac?
How to tab between buttons on an OSX dialog box
What is a good web-based Grid that accepts Excel clipboard data?
How to generate getters and setters in Visual Studio?
Can ASP.NET AJAX partial rendering work inside a SharePoint 2007 application page?
what is your favorite web app deployment workflow with SVN?
Automated release script and Visual Studio Setup projects
SVN merge merged extra stuff
Experience with SVN vs. Team Foundation Server?
Database Version Control
How can I fix the background of wikipedia pages as displayed in Google Chrome?
IE6 + SSL + AJAX + post form  = 404 error (?)
How do you deal with configuration files in source control?
VS 2008 - Objects disappearing?
Very slow merge with Subversion 1.5
User authentication on Resin webserver
Beginners Guide to LINQ
URL Redirection for SSL virtual hosts
Shelve in TortoiseSVN?
Not showing Dialog when opening file in Acrobat Pro using Applescript
Ajax project suggestion.
SharePoint WSS 3.0 Integration with Mac OSX (either Safari or Firefox)
Windows Mobile Device Emulator - how to save config permanently?
Using Parameters in MS Reporting Services (SQL 2008) against an ODBC data source
Visual Studio 2008 Window layout annoyance
Graphical representation of SVN branch/merge activity
Oracle - What TNS Names file am I using?
Refresh Excel VBA Function Results
Sharepoint Wikis
In Visual Studio you must be a member of Debug Users or Administrators to start debugging. What if you are but it doesn't work?
Creating Visual Studio templates under the "Windows" catagory.
Attaching VisualSVN Server to an existing repository
Is there a tool that can display a SVN repository visually ( i.e. pretty charts )?
SVN Manager App for Mac (better than XCode)
Managed Source Control Hosting and Continuous Integration with CVSDude and CruiseControl.net
Starting MATLAB from the command line
Do you use version control other than for source code?
Drawing a view hierachy into a specific content in Cocoa
How to get out parameters working in SharePoint workflows
Tool in Visual Studio 2008 for helping with Localization
Subversion Management Tools
Use SVN instead of CVS on SourceForge
Migrating to GIT
What Visual Studio add-ins do you use?
Visual Studio open files question
What's the best way to report errors from a SharePoint workflow?
Error viewing csproj property pages in VisualStudio2005
AnkhSVN Cannot Connect Due to Proxy
Are there any tools to convert Markdown documents to HTML en masse?
Are there reasons not to use JSONP for AJA~X requests?
mod_rewrite rule to redirect all requests except for one specific path
Why doesn't 'shell' work in VBscript in VS6?
Deploying InfoPath forms to different SharePoint servers
Give me awesome Visual Studio keyboard short cuts!
Changing ctrl+tab behavior for moving between document in Visual Studio
Mocking and IQueriable<T>
Accessing Excel data source running SSIS package on 64 bit server
Transactional Design Pattern
Getting error in manage categories - not found for attribute "navigation_column"
How do I find the Excel column name that corresponds to a given integer?
Best way to license Microsoft software as a very small developer
Height of NSTextView with one line?
Develop on local Oracle instance
Bash One Liner: copy template_*.txt to foo_*.txt?
How do I REALLY reset the Visual Studio window layout?
NHibernate vs LINQ
ASP.NET JavaScript Callbacks Without Full PostBacks?
Flex tools for Mac
How to get rid of VSMacros80 folder from project root?
Any pitfalls developing C#/.NET code in a Virtual Machine running on a MAC?
SharePoint SPContext.List in a custom application page
What is the more efficient version control methodology - checkout or merge (ie Perforce vs Subversion)
Problems while submitting a UTF-8 form textarea with JQuery/AJAX
programmatically retrieve Visual Studio install directory
Apache Webservers
Is there a pattern using Linq to dynamically create a filter?
How do I check the active solution configuration Visual Studio built with at runtime?
How do I list all Entries with a certain tag in Wordpress?
Visual Studio identical token highlighting
Is there a way to do "intraWord" text navigation in VS?
How to remove "VsDebuggerCausalityData" data from SOAP message?
NSEnumerator performance vs for loop in Cocoa
Best way to export a QTMovie with a fade-in and fade-out in the audio
Integrating a custom gui framework with the VS designer
Visual Studio Hosting Process and "The operation could not be completed"
Subversion: Fail update when there are conflicts?
Is Scala the next big thing?
How do I delete 1 file from a revision in SVN?
What Code Snippet Editor Do You Use?
Is it possible to persist (without reloading) AJAX page state across BACK button clicks?
How do I get the assembler output from a C file in VS2005
SharePoint List Scalability
Optimizing Sharepoint Search Crawling
nmake, visualstudio, and .mak files
How do I make bash reverse-search work in Terminal.app without it displaying garbled output?
Begining SVN
Rollbacking bad changes with svn in Eclipse
Table Stats gathering for Oracle
Oracle Server performance monitoring tools
designing Panels without a parent Form in VS?
Is it possible to convert projects wizard created for MSVS 2005 to MSVS 2008 format autom
Filter linq list on property value
Best way to handle LOBs in Oracle dblink'ed tables
Parallelize Bash Script
Combining Structures
Visual Studio equivalent to Delphi bookmarks
How to add a web part zone in SharePoint using SharePoint Designer
Good Way to Debug Visual Studio Designer Errors
How to run gpg from a script run by cron?
How are tags made in Subversion?
How to make a pipe loop in bash
How to get an array of distinct property values from in memory lists?
Should you register new extensions with Apple?
Testing HTTPS files with MAMP
Working on a Visual Studio Project with multiple users?
Microsoft T-SQL to Oracle PL/SQL translation
How to display line breaks in SharePoint comment history field
What does the EXE do in the Visual Studio setup project output
Scripting the Visual Studio IDE
Worth switching to zsh for casual use?
How sophisticated should be my Ajax code?
MS Access Reporting - can it be pretty?
PLS-00306 error on call to cursor
Resources for building a Visual Studio plug-in?
Which Oracle version supports cube and rollup?
How do I get the Click Once Publish version to match the AssemblyInfo.cs File Version.
.NET Development on a Mac Tips
How do I read/write Person metadata from a Word doc stored in SharePoint using VBA or VSTO?
How do you make an etag that matches Apache?
How do I force unix (LF) line endings in Visual Stuido (Express) 2008?
Change default author in local svn repo
Visual Studio Add-in not going away
apache mod_proxy error os10060 and returning 503?
Opening a non-standard URL in a Cocoa app
Tools for matching name/address data
What are the names given to these 2 LINQ expressions
Can Visual Studio put timestamps in the build log?
"Phantom" directories in an SVN repository
"Cannot change DataType of a column once it has data" error in Visual Studio 2005 DataSet Designer
How to get the most of out laptop batteries
SQL Compare-Like tool for Oracle?
What are some good LINQ resouces?
How to disable Visual Studio macro "tip" balloon?
Citrix Server sort of app - on a Mac?
Fundeps and GADTs: When is type checking decidable?
How do I write a for loop in bash
Querying collections of value type in the Criteria API in Hibernate
How do you parse a filename in bash?
What's the state of play with "Visual Inheritance"
Reverse engineer (oracle) schema to ERD
colored build output in Visual Studio
Count a list of cells with the same background color
Why the option to use attributes in new ATL projects was removed from Visual Studio 2008?
Wordpress Category Template Question
Visual Studio 2008 "randomly" hangs on test run
Drupal / Rules: flagging multiple terms on user save
Visual Studio 2005 crashes on start-up
What is the simplest way to write web apps in Haskell?
How do I stop visual studio from automatically inserting asterisk during a block comment?
How would you set up an Subversion repository for in house software projects
How do you treat legacy code (and data)?
Can MS Visual Studio compile projects using 2 or 4 cores on CPU?
Continuous Integration
What is the best subversion client for Linux?
What are the (technical) pros and cons of Flash vs AJAX/JS?
How to validate an XML file against a schema using Visual Studio 2005
Mirroring perforce with SVK?
How could I get my SVN-only host to pull from a git repository?
Getting hibernate to log clob parameters
Creating MP4/M4A files with Chapter marks
Why can't Visual Studio run on more than one core?  CPU at 25%
AJAX XMLHttpRequest object limt
Apache Download: Make sure that page was viewed before download
Rehsarper 4.0 - Renaming a class does not rename the file
How can I kill all sessions connecting to my oracle database?
Can you "ignore" a file in Perforce?
SharePoint Permissions
Visual studio automation: Enumerate opened windows upon solution loading.
Subversion merge history visualisation
Recovering from a slightly out of date subversion repository backup
Double Quotes in Oracle Column Aliases
Cocoa Won't Capture Shift Modifier?
I don't get the concept of Visual Studio Projects and Solutions.
Sample code for using macbook camera in a program?
Recommendation on Tools to migrate from Clearcase to SVN?
How to "Add Existing Item" an entire directory structure in Visual Studio
Top ten ordering in Excel based on complex team rules
MacBook vs MacBook Pro for .NET development and other stuff
Compiling code on an external drive
SSIS Oracle Parameter Mapping
Retrieving the associated shared service provider's name?
How to permanently remove a breakpoint in Visual Studio 2005 /2008 (ASP.NET, C#)
maxElementsOnDisk from EHCache to TreeCache
Best way to migrate from VSS to Subversion?
Free Online SVN repositories
Can a Bash script tell what directory it's in?
AJAX Library Strategies
Advanced directory switching in bash
SVN plugins for Eclipse - Subclipse vs. Subversive
"Beautifying" an OS X disk image
Using svn for general purpose backup
How do I use a pipe in the exec parameter for a find command?
How to convert Apache .htaccess files into Lighttpd rules?
How to prevent IE6 from refetching already-fetched images added via DOM manipulation
SVN externals sub folder changes not showing in view log (tortoise svn)
Easy way to create a form to email in SharePoint without using infopath.
What kind of CAL do I need for Sharepoint?
NSMatrix in ScrollView; origin settings are locked. Why?
Visual Studio Extensibility: Adding existing folders to a project
Disk Activity in Applescript
exposition on arrows
Using network services when disconnected in Mac OS X
Setting movie metadata with QTKit
Custom style with Qt
Is it safe to manipulate objects that i created outside my thread if i don't explicitly access them on the thread which created them?
How do you prevent printing dialog when using Excel PrintOut method
Good ways to Learn Cocoa?
How to merge from branch to branch and back again (bidirectional merging) in SVN?
How do you stop a Visual Studio generated web service proxy class from encoding?
How can I stop Visual Studio (both 2005 and 2008) from crashing (sometimes) when I select the "Close All But This" option?
Opinion of Hosted SVN providers?
How do I keep Resharper Files out of SVN?
stringstream manipulators & vstudio 2003
Visual Studio 2005 ERROR: An error occurred generating a bootstrapper: Invalid syntax.
Remove VSMacros80 directory
What are your most important console aliases?
How to create project specific respository post-commit actions
Migrating to Team System from SVN & Cruise Control.NET and back
Delete all but the 4 newest directories
ORA-00933: SQL command not properly ended
Should I add the Visual Studio .suo and .user files to source control
SharePoint Content Query Web Part
Qt or Delphi... If you were to choose one over the other?
How to tell if .net code is being run by Visual Studio designer
How to iterate through all the cells in Excel VBA or VSTO 2005
Disabling copy of empty text in Visual Studio
Is it possible to use analyic functions in Hibernate?
TFS annotate/blame summary report for a project
How to make clipboard ring appear in VS2008 toolbox?
How do I compile mod_dontdothat on Windows
How can I pre-compress files with mod_deflate in Apache 2.x?
Best way to do Visual Studio post build deployment in a team environment?
partial commits with subversion
Drupal 6: How to quickly theme a view ?
Esc and Enter keys in Cocoa dialog
How to iterate over all the page breaks in an Excel 2003 worksheet via COM
$$ in Bash.
How do I enable Platform Builder mode in VS2008
How do you know what a good index is?
What's the best way to export bug tracking data from hosted HP Quality Center?
What was the name of the Mac (68000) assembler?
How do I preview a url using ajax?
Nuking huge file in svn repository
What is the Bash command to create a hardlink to a directory in OS X?
How can I block mp3 crawlers from my website under Apache?
How can I hide/delete the "?" help button on the "title bar" of a QT Dialog?
Displaying build times in Visual Studio?
How do I use calculated value date in Sharepoint lists field to find a date+30 days?
How do I use the same field type in multiple lists on SharePoint?
Can you use Microsoft Entity Framework with Oracle?
How do I reference a diagram in a DSL T4 template?
What files are you allowed to modify in SharePoint 2007?
What's the best/fastest/easiest way to collapse all projects in Visual Studio?
Looking for an alternative matlab editor.
How can I create and develop new database projects in Visual Studio?
ReSharper sluggishness
Uninstall Sharepoint Infrastructure Update
Using Visual Studio's 'cl' from a normal command line
How do you authenticate against an Active Directory server using Spring Security?
How to accept REF cursor in JAVA without importing Oracle Package
Visual Studio Intellisense, c#, no code behind.
Oracle ORDImage processing in PL/SQL: Getting IMG-00710 and ORA-01031
Customizing Search Results Display in Sharepoint Services 3.0 Wiki
Sharepoint Item Level Access & performance
What does the option "convert to web application" do if I select it in visual studio?
Sending Excel to user through ASP.NET
How to Autogenerate multiple getters/setters or accessors in Visual Studio
LINQ to SQL in Visual Studio 2005
Creating a workflow task generates an "Invalid field name" error
TimeStamp in Control File
Is the syntax for the Wordpress style.css template element available anywhere?
Resharper and ViEmu Keybindings  ( and Visual Assist )
Excel column names
Programmatically stream audio in Cocoa on the Mac
Control which columns become primary keys with Microsoft Access ODBC link to Oracle
How can you overcome the svn 'out of date' error?
Make apache automatically strip off the www.?
How to do a "where in values" in LINQ-to-Entities
How do you include a JavaScript file from within a SharePoint WebPart?
CPAN/gem-like repository for Objective-C and Cocoa?
Apache gives me 403 Access Forbidden when DocumentRoot points to two different drives
How do I get my Visual Studio Test Suite web test to iterate over my data source
In a bash script, how do I sanitize user input?
Matlab Maximum Function Count Exceeded
Exit Shell Script Based on Process Exit Code
Excel Macro Language
Can Visual Studio 2008 work with Team System 2005?
"Greedy" <Delete> and <Backspace> in Visual Studio
How do I use a list from a different site in SharePoint 3.0?
OSX Security Framework NameAndPassword sample application
Moving from VSS to SVN
Inconsistent display behavior for Quick Launch menu in MOSS 2007
How to switch back to a previous version of a file without deleting its subsequent revisions?
How can I automate the process of deploying an InfoPath Form to SharePoint Server 2007?
How Can You Generate a Makefile from an XCode Project?
How to determine the Schemas inside an Oracle Data Pump Export file.
Can I create a Visual Studio macro to launch a specific project in the debugger?
How can I retore svn control if the .svn folder has been damaged
Any suggestions for effectively testing AJAX enabled web pages using MSVS Tester Edition Tools?
What's the name of Visual Studio Import UI Widget (picture inside)
Keyboard shortcut to close all tabs but current one in Visual Studio?
How to put up an off-the-shelf https to http gateway?
Focus-follows-mouse (plus auto-raise) in Mac OSX.
Restrict Apache to only allow access using SSL for some directories
Combo Box Item comparison and compiler warnings
How do I change the colors displayed in cygwin rxvt?
Does Ajax detoriates performance?
How important do you think Progressive Enhancement is?
Visual Studio color settings for better eye
Mashups and SharePoint
How do I set specific environment variables when debugging in Visual Studio?
Spawning an interactive telnet session from a shell script
How do I go about using Microsoft Access (2003/2007) to interface with an Oracle (10g) DB to produce reports?
Programmatically exclude page items in olap pivot
Setting the 'audience' in a SharePoint-NavigationNode ?
Check if application was started from within Visual Studio
Missing label on Drupal 5 CCK single on/off checkbox
Synchronize SourceSafe with SVN
Which would you rather use: VisualSVN or AnkhSVN?
What are some good usability Addins for Visual Studio 2008?
Is there a means to produce a changelog in SVN
Table and List view with single Model in Qt
Where to start with source-control
Oracle Natural Joins and Count(1)
Is there a list of AJAX JSF Libraries available?
ReportViewer displaying black background in Print Layout mode
Real-time history export amongst bash terminal windows
Apache module FORM handling in C
Sharing binary folders in Visual Studio
ORM tools for Haskell
Bash prompt in OS X terminal broken
XAMPP and WAMP in the LAMP, whats the best ?
perl JOIN-like behavior in Oracle?
Can I pass an arbitrary block of commands to a bash function?
Which SharePoint 2007 features are not available to Office 2003 users?
What is your favorite Visual Studio add-in/setting.
Is it safe to use the Administrator Tasks in Central Administration?
Code review addin for Visual Studio
What is the optimal way to organize shared .net assemblies in SVN?
How to create a zip file in the same format as the Finder's "Compress" menu item?
Disabling single line copy in Visual Studio
Sharepoint calculated field's formula for created by
How to access the current Subversion build number?
Are there any an OS X equivalent to `hcitool`?
"Information Not Found" page in Visual Studio 2008, VB.NET Express Edition
Best way to remove from NSMutableArray while iterating?
How can I dynamically create a selector at runtime with Objective-C?
Accessing URL parameters in Oracle Forms / OC4J
QT: meaning of slot return value?
How can I test for an expected exception with a specific exception message in Visual Studio Test?
Svn ignore versioned on update
Dynamic LINQ and Dynamic Lambda expressions?
how do i determine the number of rows in a range in excel using VBA
Mac toolbar via WINE / Crossover
How to pass an array parameter in TOAD
How to disable a programmatical breakpoint / assert?
How can I customize the syntax highlighting in Visual Studio 2005?
Duplicate Oracle DES encrypting in Java
How do you handle code promotion in a Sharepoint environment?
Opening more than one of the same Mac Application at once.
SharePoint Security
What happens to my app when my Mac goes to sleep?
sharepoint 2007 - custom content type - filtered lookup column
Getting started using Linq, what do I need?
How can I best create a SharePoint list view that shows only root folder contents?
apache mod_rewrite one rule for any number of possibilities
How do I use SCM with a PHP app such as Wordpress?
User Interface for creating Oracle SQL Loader control file
Set up Apache for local development/testing?
What are some decent ways to prevent users from creating meeting workspaces?
What should I do with the vendor directory with respect to subversion?
ssl_error_rx_record_too_long and Apache SSL
What's a good book for learning Ajax?
Subversion Berkeley DB broken, recovery failed.
Good book for learning Sharepoint development
How do you deploy your common SharePoint library
Optimising a SELECT query that runs slow on Oracle which runs quickly on SQL Server
Case-insensitive search using Hibernate
Getting started with AJAX with ASP.NET 3.5, what do I need on the server.
Running away from SharePoint
Does SPSecurity.RunWithElevatedPrivileges do anything in a console app?
How to tell if an Excel Workbook is protected
How do I write this in Ruby/Python? Or, can you translate my LINQ to Ruby/Python?
Checkout one file from subversion
VS2005 "Add New Item..." dialog - default item
Is there anyway to remove Design (and Split) views from Visual Studio 2005/2008?
How do I display the full content of LOB column in Oracle SQL*Plus?
MSExcel 2002 calling Web Services.
Do you use the branches/tags/trunk convention?
Visual Studio Freezing/TFS Window Might be off screen
Bash variable scope
Have you integrated Mantis and Subversion?
LINQ to XML Newbie Question
Any quirks I should be aware of in Drupal's XML-RPC and BlogAPI implementations?
How to protect cells in Excel but allow these to be modified by VBA script
Password hash function for Excel VBA
Sharepoint document library source
Setting a Sharepoint Site Theme through a Web Service?
subversion cherry picking
Oracle Datadiff
Qt Jambi: QAbstractListModel not displaying in QListView
gss_acquire_cred returning Key table entry not found error
How do I enable applets on Mac Firefox 3.0.1?
Sync File Modification Time Across Multiple Directories
What can you do with SharePoint on Intranet?
How do I bind an ASP.net ajax AccordionPane to an XMLDatasource?
SVN Working Copy xxx locked and cleanup failed
Embedding non-edit widgets in a DataGridView
LINQ: custom column names
Is there any way to have the JBoss connection pool reconnect to Oracle when connections go bad?
How to setup non-admin development in Visual Studio 2005 and 2003
What plugin would you really like to have for Visual Studio 2005/2008
Disable and later enable all table indexes in Oracle
How to avoid storing passwords in the clear for tomcat's server.xml Resource definition of a DataSource?
Cross-model relationships in NSManagedObjectModel from merged models?
How does AOP work in Drupal?
Oracle load spikes couple hours after startup.
Expanding a Region will expand children in Visual Studio
How big of a security risk is checking out an svn project right into production site?
SVN installation
Are their naming conventions for ASP.NET web application directory structures?
Deployment of custom content type, forms, cqwp, and xsl.
Which language should I pick up: VB.Net or C#
In Visual Studio how to give relative path of a .lib file in project properties
How do I set a task to run every so often?
Running subversion under apache
Sharepoint: How to set the permission to edit WSS user profile
Infopath doesn't render background colors/pictures w/ Outlook Task/Sharepoint
Visual Studio ">of" command causes solution explorer to go wacky
Sorting 2-D array in matlab w.r.t one column
Secure only Login.aspx for a site
Sharepoint: Deploy Custom Lists and New Columns in lists
How do I interpret error codes from FrontPage Extensions?
How do I serve a script with apache instead of running it?
Visual Studios Link.exe error: "extra operand"
Compressing HTTP request with LWP, Apache, and mod_deflate
Disabling interstitial graphic when using cfdiv binding
Is there a way to add a Subversion section to the right click menu for TextMate ?
Excel CSV - Number cell format
How to make XMLHttpRequest  work over HTTPS on Firefox?
Easiest and quickest way of Web enabling old VBA apps
Subversive connectors not working with newest Ganymede update
How do I upgrade from Drupal 5 to 6?
MSBuild directory structure limit workarounds
How to access Subversion from Oracle PL/SQL ?
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges when selecting view
Which Visual Studio Color Theme?
Visual Studio 2008 source control for small teams
LINQ Syntext Sequence
Viewing the Visual SourceSafe log inside Visual Studio
Can I Install Visual Studio 2008 Express with VS 2005 ?
App to Change Ldap Password for a JIRA/SVN server
What do 'Delimiter' and 'InheritsFromParent' tags mean in .vsprops files?
Automatically set list item permission, after new item is created
oracle on port 8080
LINQ group by question
How to synchronize two subversion repositories?
What is the fastest way to insert data into an Oracle table?
How do I prevent Excel from rendering the spreadsheet as my macro calculates it?
is bash getopts function destructive to the command-line options?
How to set OS X Terminal's default home?
Debugging SharePoint 2007 Code
Easy way to embed svn revision number in page in PHP?
gdbinit conflict with Xcode debugging
Visual Studio support for new C / C++ standards?
Crafting .webloc file
Why does my Out of the Box SharePoint Navigation look like it is leaking memory
Top & httpd - demystifying what is actually running
Automatically adding specified text at beginning of files in VS 2008
How can I remotely (via web services) determine date format of SharePoint 2003 site, for use in Versions.asmx returned XML?
Anyone have commit notification hook script that will send email upon commit of codes?
Is there anyway to tell Visual Studio not to open all the documents when I load solution?
How do I refresh the relationships in a dataset?
Visual Studio Keyboard Shortcut to automatically add the needed Using statement
Can Multiple Indexes Work Together?
Customizing Visual Studio's Intellisense
Viewing repository information from within Eclipse, when code was checked out using svn tortoise
Preferred path to applications on OSX?
How to run Visual Studio post-build events for debug build only
How can I upgrade the *console* version of vim on OS X?
How do I embed a File Version in an MSI file with Visual Studio?
Structuring projects & dependencies of large winforms applications in C#
svn + repostiory location
How do you structure your SVN repository?
Code coverage for PL/SQL
Wordpress Site Monitoring software / service
How do I resolve a merge conflict with SVN properties?
SQL Developer error
Animations with full alpha in QT 4.4?
How should I store a Guid in Oracle
How do you get Excel to refresh data on sheet from within VBA?
LinqtoSQL filter and order by syntax
Microsoft Excel mangles Diacritics in .csv files?
LINQ Submit Changes not submitting changes
Exception thrown in a referenced .dll how do I debug?
qt/wxwidgets third party components?
Haskell Syntax case expression in a do block
Mask redirect to temporary domain with mod_rewrite
in-house projects: to stable release or not?
How do you setup a shared Working Copy in Subversion
When using cvs2svn how can you rename symbols such that a branch and tag resolve to the same name?
Sharepoint WebParts
How can I determine the running Mac OS X version programmatically?
Looking for MacOS Threaded Networking sample code
How to trunc a date to seconds in Oracle
Tool for translation of Oracle PL/SQL into Postgresql PL/pgSQL
What is the best way to separate UI (designer/editor) logic from the Package framework (like Visual Studio Package)
How can I send an HTTP POST request to a server from Excel using VBA?
Using Linq with WCF
Check out from a remote SVN repository TO a remote location?
How to find oracle error codes that could result from a connection error?
subversion diff including new files
Visual Studio Debugger + Break when a value changes?
"Authorization failed" with SVN 1.5.2 on OS X
How to use ditto on OS X to work like cp -a on Linux
Apache mod_rewrite to catch XML requests
Oracle considers empty strings to be NULL while SQL Server does not - How is this best handled?
What are the differences between the different saving methods in Hibernate?
bash: start multiple chained commands in background
Can you recommend books for getting started with Web Development on a Mac?
Visual Studio 2008: make ctrl-k, ctrl-n (next bookmark) stay within the same file
How to transfer data from one database to another with Hibernate?
Ora 12154 error
How do I ignore a directory in mod_rewrite?
Is there a way to get types/names of an unknown db query without executing it?
HTML/Javascript app that runs on the filesystem, security issue
Should repositories implement IQueryable<T>?
CSV file.  Excel is automatically converting my text to a date.  Bad Excel.
What is the syntax for custom stacks for the OSX Leopard dock?
C# structural highlighting in Visual Studio 2008
How to convert a DB2 date-time string into an Excel Date
.Net Localization problem
What is Microsoft's official stance on using WCF with Visual Studio 2005?
How do I find the version of Apache running without access to the command line?
How do you manage .vcproj files in souce control which are changed by multiple developers?
Best practice for creating subversion repositories?
Any clever way to launch a makefile in Visual Studio only if build succeeded?
Oracle merge constants into single table
Any problems with SVN merge on a multi column ( tab delimited ) text file?
AJAX, postbacks and browser refreshes
Is there a more efficient way of making pagination in Hibernate than executing select and count queries?
Eclipse's Crtl+click in Visual Stdio?
Why does subversion chown/recreate files on checkin?
How do I disable the "smart insert" function that is bound to the Tab key in the Visual Studio emacs mode?
DateTime, DateTime? and LINQ
USB Driver Development on a Mac using Python
Excel detect inactivity
What's the best .NET library for parsing and generating Excel spreadsheets?
Is there a way to maximise the current tab in Visual Studio?
Standard/good way to integrate AJAX and PHP
Has anyone here worked on KOFAX-SharePoint 2007 integration?
Programming on the Asus EEE Pc in Visual Studio
Explicit Type Conversion in Scala
Excel 2003 XML format - AutoFitWidth not working
How to find and tail the Oracle alert log
when updating a whole project's root, how to exclude svn externals from being updated?
Avoiding, finding and removing memory leaks in Cocoa
Setup multi languages wordpress
How to tell if the user's using 24 hour time using Cocoa
Oracle Cursor Issue
Apache: Multiple log files?
How do I get a list of files that have been added to the SVN since a certain date?
Is SVN 1.5 Merge-tracking ready for prime-time?
How do I use the new SVN merge-tracking?
Visual Studio: Is there a "move class to different namespace" refactoring?
How to automate converting Excel xsl files to Excel xml fromat?
RowNum vs Row_Number
LINQ to Entity Duplicate Record Issue
Hibernate mappings with a descriminator
LINQ - which layer should LINQ typically fall into, DAL ?
how to customize print layout of SharePoint list item
How do I slice an array in Excel VBA?
Why does TortoiseSVN (1.5.3) try to merge 1-Head when I pull from trunk?
Is there a connection between SourceSafe (version control) and SharePoint (collaboration)?
What is the best way to create help documentation for an Excel VBA solution?
Autocomplete Dropdown - too much data, timing out
What's the best way to find out the installed version of the iPhone SDK?
What do you do about references when unloading a project in Visual Studio?
How do you uninstall Visual Studio SP1 w/ .Net 3.5 SP1?
In QT, how do i set the background color of a widget like combobox or double spin box
Users not showing up in Sharepoint Audiences
What happens when I edit web.config?
What is the best way to solve an Objective-C namepsace collision?
IE 7 redirecting after jQuery ajax calls
Why does Hibernate try to delete when I try to update/insert? WTF?
How can I connect to an Oracle database as SYS using an ADO connection string?
Bulk Row Transfer between Oracle Databases with a Select Filter
What is matlab good for? Why is it so used by universities? When is it better than python?
Sharepoint InputFormSection control look-a-like
MOSS 2007 Document Library - choice column not displaying selected value
JQuery selectors not finding class on elements in table created by an Ajax XHR in Ruby on Rails
Any free alternative to VisualStudio?
Oracle error
apache + lighttpd front-proxy concept
How do I use oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleLog to debug Oracle 10g database connection failures?
How to constrain a database table so only one row can have a particular value in a column?
Sharepoint disaster recovery
Protect Excel Worksheet for format and size and allow only for entry
How to disable all apache virtual hosts?
How do you handle arbitrary namespaces when querying over Linq to XML?
SQL command to LINQ (pivoting)
What do the letter codes in Oracle user_contraints table's constraint_type column stand for?
How would you do a "not in" query with Linq?
VS 2k8 Doesn't Release File Handle After Debugging Stops: Unable to copy file X to output directory because it is being used by another process.
How to change SharePoint extended webapplicaion`s web.config file
best of sharepoint
SharePoint Lists vs Database Tables performance...
SharePoint and Enterprise Library 4.0
How to scale a UIImageView proportionally ?
QT: difference between moc output in debug and release?
How do you handle the "Too many files" problem when working in Bash?
Visual Studio 6 Processor Pack compatibility
Transitioning from WinForms to AJAX, what do I need to know?
Good Alternatives to Visual Studio Setup Projects
WSS/MOSS Development ... Where to draw the line?
Hidding source control files within Visual Studio's solution tree
Oracle date
How to migrate a 3rd party web part from SharePoint 2 (2003) to SharePoint 3 (2007)
How to set session variable skip_unusable_indexes to true in a PL/SQL package to speed up a table delete/insert?
How do I format my oracle queries so the columns don't wrap?
What's the difference between "&> foo" and "> foo 2>&1"?
Data Types supported in visual studio 2008
Change background color of Solution Explorer in Visual Studio
VSS front end for SVN
"The selected files was not found" on an InfoPath form in Sharepoint
Drupal CSS URL Problem
how do I extract xml properties using shell scripts
Is there any reason why you all want to be notify whenever someone commit some codes?
Real-world examples of Scala applications?
Bulding a LINQ query programatically without local variables tricking me
Restore SVN backups from multiple files.
Apache + mod_lisp + clisp
Oracle - How does transaction, rollback segment and the undo_retention parameter work ?
On QT widgets like DoubleSpinBox or ComboBox, how do i have custom right click menu
Protect all Worksheet in an Excel Workbook
How do i submit an ajax request before the page is loaded
What do I need to re-build my web server?
Issue with database connection from sharepoint workflow with integrated security options
Bash: How _best_ to include other scripts?
Getting a useful report from SVN - non-code files messing the stats up
How to send an email attachment with signature in excel
What's the best way to validate a user-entered URL in a Cocoa application?
Print text in Oracle SQL Developer SQL Worksheet window
Is this slash character in an Oracle PL/SQL script an error?
Is it necessary for Qt::paintEvent to be reentrant?
How can I get notified when the user finishes editing a cell in an NSTableView?
LINQ asp.net page against MS Access . .
How can I make the "find" Command on OS X default to the current directory?
Show file tree in visual studio 2005?
What are the options available for cross platform rich user interfaces development?
How to copy a file to multiple directories using the gnu cp command
SharePoint does not find my custom RenderingTemplate
How to avoid blinking when updating page from ajax
Configuring wordpress .htaccess to view subfolders
Is there a pattern for dealing with non-memory resources on cleaning up an ObjC object?
Editing SQL query with Visual Studio 2008
where is the Oracle Event Log located?
How to set Visual Studio as the default post-mortem debugger?
what is a pre-revprop-change hook in SVN and how do I create it?
Locating bundles by identifier
Commonclipse for Visual Studio?
Beanstalk like Functionality
subclipse alternative
MSDN links in Visual Studio
Oracle DB Mac Address or other unique identifier
What is the simplest way to export Excel data to Matlab?
Why isn't querying a JDBC-compliant database from Oracle as easy as pie?
Global Find and Replace in Visual Studio
Visual Studio 2008 -- Can I change which "add reference" tab is selected by default?
show running processes in Oracle DB
Can I compile legacy MFC applications with Visual Studio 2008 ?
run oracle sql script from java
[LINQ] EntitySet vs Table
Solution: Per application, or per application suite.
Automatically enforcing a max database table size by dropping old rows
Good drupal books/resources for programmers/developers?
How do I obtain the id of a workflow created in Sharepoint Designer?
Dow do you set ASP.NET Development Web Server to not cache any content?
mod_rewrite Rule to Cover All Domains
Visual Studio unit tests throw MissingMethodException when assembly is in GAC?
CAML query items with the given URLs
Integrating "really simple history" with Rails
How to use enums in Oracle?
Why does Oracle 9i treat an empty string as NULL?
Include directory in VS 2003
Implementing a KVO/Bindings-Compliant Bridge-Pattern in Cocoa
Why does running a script from SQLPlus not require a password?
Preserving order in SQL
How to migrate all URL's in svn:externals properties across a repository?
Why does Visual Studio keep building my C++ project?
What can cause intermittent ORA-12519 (TNS: no appropriate handler found) errors
Migrating a Character Based Oracle Form
Cocoa Bad Habits
What is the Best Way to Perform Timestamp Comparison in Bash
Read and write from/to a binary file in Matlab
data disappear after Item Update in Sharepoint with Office 2007 documents
Dynamically look up column names for a table while in an sql query
Linq 2 SQL: Setting ObjectTrackingEnabled to false breaks lazy loading of child entities?
How to check for empty array in vba macro
Oracle 10gr2: enforce a date range
Oracle V$OSSTAT
Plot a data series beneath another one
Moving directories in subversion
Export Multiple Sheets to Excel Through Browser
How to make Apache/mod_python process to collect its zombies?
Object Oriented Model on top of LINQ to SQL
Deployed Web Part not showing up in 'Web Part Gallery: New Web Parts'
How to best update a website from subversion.
Sharepoint StateMachine : Handling multiple responses to multiple created tasks
Assignment in .NET 3.5 expression trees
Is there a devenv flag to disable pdb generation at compile time?
How do I do a deep copy of a node in LINQ to XML?
How to port from Drupal to Django?
How do you start debugging a Cocoa app with a URL?
Word press - Changed directory and images do not appear
[NSPredicateRowEditorTemplate templatesWithAttributeKeyPaths:inEntityDescription:] for to-many key?
WP-Contact Form 7 -- PHP Question
What is the best way to initialize a bean?
Using svn and .NET Winforms - Building Install Files Deletes _svn Folders
Placing a Sharepoint Site under version control
How do I rename a Project Folder from within Visual Studio?
how do I add a test web service to my project in Visual Studio?
The best 3rd party component for generating excel from asp.net
In a spring configuration, what is the difference between using name vs id?
License to Distribute Matlab code
How do I get output to show up in the Messages pane of the Error List for Visual Studio 2005?
Subversion: what does "Target path does not exist" when merging mean?
Creating Visual Studio toolbar commands to execute batch files
Excel VBA Load Addins
How do you create a Visual Studio Solutio File (.sln) in the same directory as the web project
SharePoint 2007 - SQL Query to find a list of documents in site collection
Best Pattern for AllowUnsafeUpdates
Using XQuery in Linq To SQL?
How to set some custom variables on Matlab startup
Which LINQ syntax do you prefer? Fluent or Query Expression
In Visual Studio, my design view doesn't load the master page controls. Why?
What software to use for virtual machine for Windows development?
[Oracle] - Alternatives to Toad
Using a Mac for crossplatform development?
UUID mismatch detected with the loaded library
Best way to implement TouchesMoved
Why use jQuery?
Haskell: Inserting every line from a file into a list
How do I create a temporary file with Cocoa?
Differentiating Between an AJAX Call / Browser Request
Help with using TypeConverters for enums in an Excel PIA assembly
Auto edit host and vhost and file for a new site on Aptana
Excel Conditional formatting with weighted total
Automatically add some Where clauses to a Linq Expression Tree
How do I inject a single property value into a string using spring 2.5.x ?
How to use Hibernate @Any-related annotataions?
Tools for SVN Merging
stitch picture in iphone
Monitoring a SharePoint document library
Ability to set the font to italics in Visual Studio
Proper disposal of SharePoint objects?
SPWorkflowTaskProperties.ExtendedProperties arenâ€™t populating the fields in my task
Missing Visual Studio features when running in 64-bit mode
How to exclude files from Visual Studio compile?
Device Information from NSEvent/CGEvent
How to protect image on Excel sheet
Permissions problems with Excel Services in SharePoint
How can I implement a "natural" sort?
Remote machines cannot connect to Visual Studio web server
Best AJAX TreeView
.app OSX package problems on removable media.
Can anyone point me to Spring MVC, Tiles, Freemarker integration example?
How to update a single column in LINQ without loading the entire row?
Sharepoint custom user and document library specific properties
Nested transactions in LINQ to SQL
How to stop Hibernate from eagerly fetching many-to-one associated object
Audit Revoke Operations
Converting between oracle.sql.TIMESTAMPTZ and standard JDBC classes for DbUnit
Checking for duplicates in a complex object using Linq or Lamda expression
How do you configure Apache on Windows for SSL?
What's a good way to bind from a shared utility window and the frontmost document window?
Best source control package
It is possible to use Full Text Search (FTS) with LINQ?
Visual Studio reference x64 GAC
Defaulting WebParts on a Users MySite in Sharepoint
How can you work out the ID of a users MySite
Access Web Datasheet in a webApp
Best Oracle database manager/editor?
Looking for an OSX application that can do image processing using a webcam.
Can I block search crawlers for every site on an Apache web server?
Which CodePlex/Google code project to study in order by learn SharePoint best practices
Change version informaiton in a built binary
Subversion Auth: Can't access the "Collection of Repositories" page anymore
How do I programatically turn off show pages in navigation for sharepoint
How can I insert multiple rows into oracle with a sequence value?
How to tell if a sting is not defined in a bash shell script?
Apache MOD_REWRITE Domain Level Cookie
Mac/Windows Switching
String contains in bash
Feeding an Excel QueryTable object from memory
Obtaining the maximum width and height of a font
How to print faster in Excel VBA?
Getting template text from FreeMarker in Spring app
How can I convert an existing website, deployed to multiple servers, to be SVN managed and not blow away user files?
How do I set up an asp.net mvc app with Subversion?
Comments field in SharePoint Issue Tracking list
Will Oracle retire 10gAS in favor of WebLogic?
Why does Apache return a 503 error for ant's get task, but not for my browser?
Is there a LINQ library for C++?
How to specify default file extension for Oracle's Pro*COBOL precompiler
Assembla no longer free!! :(
How to get daily commit count and the number of modified paths from svn repository?
How do you add weights together in an oracle text index?
.NET VS2005 WinForms: How do i drop a user control onto a form?
Sharepoint OnWorkflowItemChanged is out of control
ColdFusion vs PHP
SharePoint Development / Production Environments
VC++ problem with 64 bit oracle client with OpenforwardOnly flag in database connection.
Binding ASP.NET GridView to an Oracle SYS_REFCURSOR
implement zip using foldr
Looking for pattern/approach/suggestions for handling long-running operation tied to web app
Interpreting Visual Studio 2005 Threads Window
What advantages does  C++ have over other languages for Qt development?
SVN Update of multiple files
Can this be refactored into nicey nice LINQ?
How do I programatically interface an Excel spreadsheet?
Getting a collection of index values using a LINQ query
How do I get my dependenices inject using @Configurable in conjunction with readResolve()
Best practice for profiling a SharePoint application
How to add "Select Data Source" to my Excel appliation?
How to - From Unfuddle to a local SVN server.
Visual Studio opens Development Servers for all websites in my project
Moving to Subversion from SourceSafe
Subversion server on 64-bit Windows?
Application crashing when talking to oracle unless executable path contains spaces
C#: How to include dependent DLLs?
Oracle utl_match special characters
Wordpress: How can i move my index (blogpage) to another page (innerpage)?
Using change directory (cd) inside scripts - best practices
Oracle Scheduled Jobs
Sharepoint, Create View, Filter Properties
How to nest Spring JMS MessageConverters
How would one implement a sidebar similar to Mail/iTunes/Finder/etc in Cocoa/IB?
paging with oracle
How to fix apache2 timestamps, incorrect values
SVN commit error after deleting files locally
Your experiences with Visual Studio 2010 CTP?
Accessing control, ajax, asp.net
Using SVN to lock documents for editing and update notifications
How can I use custom animations for onOrderOut in Core Animation?
Oracle PL/SQL Query Order By issue
Correctly over-loading a stringbuf to replace cout in a MATLAB mex file
Assign auto-incrementing value to new column in Oracle
Stop text from wrapping with NSLayoutManager
Refactoring and concurrent development branches
Is parentViewController always a Navigation controller?
Automatic .aspx Publising in SharePoint
Change the default list aspx pages in SharePoint
Internet Explorer 7 Ajax links only load once
How can I get the functionality of svn:externals in a read-only fashion?
How can I branch in SVN and have it branch my svn:external folders as well?
Excel built-in dialogs
Managing reference paths between x86 and x64 workstations in a team
EBNF to fluent interface
Run index.php rather than listing files
Apache/Tomcat error - wrong pages being delivered
Sharepoint Web Services Tutorial
Matlab copy constructor
Replacing typelibs for imports
SharePoint 2007 Analytics Package.
Escaping spaces in mod_rewrite
How To Prevent Tab Hell With Visual Studio And FireFox Debugging?
SharePoint and deployment of global.asax code
Does Oracle allow an ORDER BY within an IN clause?
Thread safety of Matlab engine API
What's the best way to link to an external style sheet in SharePoint
How to verify that mod_rewrite is working
shared components throughout all projects, is there a better alternative than svn:externals?
Run command when bash script is stopped
OS X: Determine Trash location for a given path
What could cause an ORA-00936 - Missing Expression with the following sql?
What would you choose for your data layer today, Linq or Subsonic?
Excel cannot  enable references / missing functions
How do I Suppress "PL/SQL procedure successfully completed" message in sqlplus?
Blocking a Qt application during downloading a short file
How do you rate Oracle Portals as a platform?
Using QSortFilterProxyModel with a tree model
What to look for when downgrading from Oracle 10g to 9i?
Can I perform an "or" operation in LINQ to objects?
SharePoint stsadm addsolution - fails with permission based error (object ref)
How to create XML/XSD equivalent of a DataSet or DataTable in VS2008 (or other tool)
How do I let my DBA pause and resume a stored procedure that is updating every row in a large table?
How to use scalax.io.CommandLineParser?
SPCrossListQuery fails to bring back results
Web test to edit a SharePoint pages properties using Visual Studio Test Suite
Is LINQ DOA?
Help with Magento Custom Module. Redirect to another module and return to checkout
Svn: added files but deleted few before committing: not able to commit now
Best primary key data type for Linq to SQL
What Python bindings are there for CVS?
Porting C++ code from Windows to the Mac
How do you invoke the Visual Studio Preprocessor from the command line?
SVN Repository Search
chroot + execvp + bash
How can I get my orderby to work using an anonymous type?
How can I perform a nested Join, Add, and Group in LINQ?
How to efficiently delete all files in a document library?
Hibernate CRUD Ã  la Ruby on Rails' Scaffolding
Is it true, visual studio can't handle fonts installed after it was ?
spring and interfaces
cannot re-install apache 2.2 services on XP through xampp
Scala syntax - pass string to object
How to heighlight occurences of a search term in text in Visual Studio?
Library for browser based outliner
SharePoint Visual Studio document upload Web Test fails with Connot close stream until all bytes are written
Tortoise SVN Author in Log File Missing
New folders are not uploaded in SVN
Ribbon UI for Visual Studio 2010 or beyond?
What are the disadvantages of auto generating the clases in Hibernate
How to export a part of SVN repository with dependencies?
more efficent shell text manipulation
Apache modrewrite .htaccess question
Is this the correct step-by-step and organization for creating an SVN repo with multiple projects and vendors?
Oracle single-table constant merge with CLOB using JDBC
Reading text values into matlab variables from ASCII files
SharePoint: Can I see the content of a document in the ItemAdding() event handler?
404 Problem Running Visual Studio ASP.NET Unit Test
Change the customer password field Magento
how do you screen scrape ajax pages ?
Is there an easy way to clone the structure of a table in Oracle?
Patching out CALLL by replacing with NOPs works in user space but not in kernel space
numericupdown control
Efficient method to enumerate cells in an Excel workbook using c#
VisualStudio: How to save the obj folder somewhere else
Share .obj files between different configurations
NSDateFormatter won't parse dates using locale settings?
Excel VBA SVN Client / Integration
Force Apache HTTPD to run in 32bit
Is mod_rewrite a valid option for caching dynamic pages with Apache?
Visual Studio&Source Control: How to have shared code?
Better Understanding an OC4J Stack Trace
Sharepoint 2007 NTLM issue with ASP.NET Web App hosted on Sharepoint server
Excel VBA: Identify invalid characters in text based cell
Reloving AliasRecord with relative path on a new volume
String manipulation with Excel - how to remove part of a string if another part is there?
What is the best way to make files live using subversion on a production server?
SVN recursive delete
Running vc2008 debug builds on non-dev machines
Move Directory across SVN repository using Tortoise SVN
How do I calculate tables size in Oracle
How to find out when an Oracle table was updated the last time
How do I check if a Sharepoint Document Library has the Require Approval flag set, using the Sharepoint API ?
Subversion: Tag and commit modified files at once
LinqToEntities not retrieving child objects of an entity
How to add and compile for custom 'Platform' switch for visual studio projects?
Compiling a .vbproj or .csproj project file without Visual Studio
Spring configuration error
Accessing dynamically created stored procedure from LINQ
Visual Studio Solutions Folder as real Folders
Creating an OS X Service
How do I set up radio buttons in Excel?
Editing Excel Spreadsheets easily with the SDK
Qt QGraphicsScene copy
Encoding of the AuthzSVNAccessFile
Session management using Hibernate in a Swing application
How to insert a record with LINQ and C# and return the Primary Key of that record
How do I remember which way round PRIOR should go in CONNECT BY queries
Multiple Cell Background Colors in Excel Spreadsheets
What access does Apache 2.0 need in Windows Server 2003 in order to start as a service?
What is the best way to merge a feature branch into the mainline in Subversion?
UTF-8 URI explodes Apache & mod_rewrite
In the Visual Studio SQL editor, how do I get rid of the boxes?
How get VS HTML editor to default to single quotes?
Why does Hibernate/JDBC/MySQL drop connections after a day or so?
Does Visual Studio have debug symbols available?
What is the easiest approach to exporting a Sharepoint list in xml format?
Pros and Cons of LINQ (Language-Integrated Query)
Moving sharepoint installation to a different port / URL
How to put BIDS solutions under source control?
a ListView, a LinqDataSource, linq-to-sql and ordering
How to create a GUI inside a function in Matlab?
Battery status in OSX?
0x800a03ec when calling Select on an Excel range (IRange). Range was returned from the worksheet's usedrange.
Is there anything like Winsplit Revolution for Mac OS X?
Anyway to use AJAX when my server does not and can not have the AJAX extensions Installed?
Ajax dropdown limit to list
How do I collect key input in a video-game style Cocoa app?
SVN optimizations to keep large repositories responsive
Best Way to Synchronize Multiple Excel Files to MS Access Table
nested linq queries, how to get distinct values?
Can Visual Studio Automatically Expand Text with a Code Snippet?
Pausing after debugging command line application in Visual Studio
Mac OS X - System Preference Pane won't open
Framework goto definition shows comments, are these generated from xml comments?
team system unit testing and configuration
MOSS 2007: SPListItem.GetFormattedValue for DateTime fields has a bug?
How to Force Javascript to Execute within HTML Response to Ajax Request
To use Cocoa bindings or not?
merge with hibernate causing error with dirty objects
Find all Foreign Key errors with Oracle SET CONSTRAINTS ALL DEFERRED
How can commenting be added to news articles in an existing Sharepoint 2007 news site?
Using Linq to Sql, how can I get a particular result from a query?
Customizing dockable windows in Visual Studio
ASP Ajax Calendar Extendar and displaying time
Save all files in Visual Studio project as UTF-8
UIViewController vs. UIView - which one should create subviews?
What's a good directory structure for large C#/C++ solutions?
How do modify the look and feel of a Sharepoint site?
Visual Studio - Prevent stopping debugging from closing Internet Explorer
Howto get SharePoint version using object model
EXCELã€€ï¼¶ï¼¢ï¼¡ã€€ï½‘ï½•ï½…ï½“ï½”ï½‰ï½ï½Žï¼Œã€€ï½ˆï½ï½—ã€€ï½”ï½ã€€ï½’ï½…ï½”ï½•ï½’ï½Žã€€ï½ã€€ï½’ï½ï½Žï½‡ï½…ã€€ï½ï½†ã€€ï½ƒï½…ï½Œï½Œï½“ã€€ï½—ï½‰ï½”ï½ˆï½ï½•ï½”ã€€ï½•ï½“ï½‰ï½Žï½‡ã€€ï½Œï½ï½ï½ï¼Ÿ
Single read-only user for svn
Embedding Excel files in XSL-FO driven (Pdf)-Document Generation
how to log in a Drupal user (or get currently-logged in user) from Flash?
How to find out Subversion repository version?
How can I view all historical changes to a file in SVN
QT: show result of Color selection?
LINQ Distinct operator ignore case?
Whats the best way to create a Smart Part in SharePoint?
How does SharePoint Services 3.0 Search work ?
Oracle setting per user default scheme (not altering a session)
Schedule an appointent from a SharePoint workflow
Different backup location for DUPLICATE command
Best way to select out of millions of rows in an Oracle DB
how do you normalize a file path in bash
Where can I find prebuilt Subversion binaries for SGI IRIX?
Automatically creating a tag in subversion
Apache Mod Rewrite (.htaccess)
SharePoint list.items.GetDataTable column names not match field names
Don't mix Response.Write with AJAX, but what about UI.HtmlTextWriter?
Does a newly produced mac application need to support 10.4, and can I both support 10.4 and prepare for 64bit?
Is there an good alternative to SQL*PLUSfor Oracle?
For our next project I would like to get into some AJAX to improve the user interface.  Guidelines and advice?
How to build a dmg Mac OS X file (on a non-Mac platform)?
In a QTableWidget, changing the text color of the selected row
Using a sharepoint document library, how can I create 'permalinks'?
Iterating unregistered add-ins (.xla) in Excel 2003
re writting methods with in a project
Handling large amount of structures in MATLAB
Oracle packages in version control?
Oracle Rollback Segments and ADO.NET
How can I use Excel for project management?
How do I redirect to an ftp:// url with Spring Webflow?
Visual Studio behaves strangely while debugging with breakpoint conditions
Print from a windows App - data from an Oracle DB on Linux
How do you instantiate a SPWeb Object from a console app?
T4 not working in Visual Studio 2008
Use Oracle Exception
how to check what version of apache i'm running on a debian box?
Revovering from Subversion corruption
linq help - newbie
.NET Install Package Sometimes Not Completely Removing Previous Versions
How can I automatically quote or group commandline arguments for alias in bash?
Rendering Excel from browser
Changing font tracking in Cocoa
<on-start> Expression
How to Export/Import Toolbars in Visual Studio
Drupal - Automate a Content Form Submission
New to functional programming
Is there a method to generate a standard 128bit GUID on the Mac?
Contextual code generation in Visual C# 2008?
LINQ to SQL Designer Bug
How do I set selection to Nothing when programming Excel using VBA?
Linq-to-SQL How to prevent the use of Delete methods?
Doing a binary search on some elements in Haskell
Why Isn't My C Code Being Compiled To An EXE
If I'm posting a question about Oracle SQL query performance, what should I include in my question?
How to create a QWidget with a HWND as parent?
LINQ to XML: parsing XML file which one of nodes presents type of another node
Sync Services Client and Schema Xcode Project Structure
How to use svn with beyond compare 3
Beginning oracle and sql
Registering an event handler for a single list
How do I add a directory with a colon to a shell path?
Unit Test to verify object getting deallocated
Query Microsoft Access MDB Database using LINQ and C#
Adding a script with ScriptManager on a CompositeControl?
Deploy a resource file to App_GlobalResource folder on activation
SVN: Branches for Every Little Change?
URLEncode from a bash script
Defining macros in Visual Studio - /D or #define?
How to recreate an oracle 9i database from backup files (ora files)
Error handling in Core Data
VBA long overflow
Better way to access tuple(other than match case)
How do you programatically identify a stored procedure's dependancies?
Hosted Mac OS X/iPhone development
How can I clean up dead connections using Oracle?
Is it possible to add a method to a built-in type in Scala?
Is there syntactic sugar for binding a value inside an anonymous function in Scala?
Debugging with command-line parameters in Visual Studio.
How do I send a cross-domain POST request via JavaScript?
Linq to Entities and concatenated properties
Visual Studio - tips for managing work on many open files
How can I send an array to php through ajax?
Chanigng path for custom build step
help on integrating oracle BI into existing application
How to create and require completion of a subset of several tasks Workflow Foundation?
Linq to SQL and Entity Framework Diffrences ?
SharePoint - Adding users from Active Directory in a custom administration form
Any way to run a macro (in an open VS instance) from the command line?
Linq Help. int.Contains and int == iqueryable doesn't work.
how to escape white space in bash loop list
Why does Visual Studio 2008 forget where to dock my add-in's window pane?
corrupted ajax result
Howto add dynamic search parameters to Sharepoint search?
SharePoint: programmatically move documents between document libraries
Oracle logon trigger not being fired.
Observing an NSMutableArray for insertion/removal
How to ensure a mobile app is deployed to the mobile device?
Changing a LINQ objects data context
Using spring to get your service layer - good idea?
How do I get the path of the current drupal theme?
Display separator in Sharepoint AspMenu control
How much math do I need to become productive in Haskell?
problem with cross-domain ajax calls...
Haskell on Windows Setup
Adding an extra column in the sharepoint list preview viewstyle
Creating Sharepoint lists declaratively or programatically
Setting up Alerts in SharePoint
Using different Web.config in development and production environment
embedding an application (in this case a terminal) within a QT application
What is the easiest way to determine the dependencies of a .NET assembly.
How to get back a file my SVN client deleted?
Best practice for detecting AJAX/XmlHttpRequestSupport
Haskell Typeclass shorthand
Representing parent-child relationships in SharePoint lists
How do you detect if there is an index for a specific column on a table in Oracle?
Moving a directory atomically
How do you setup a linked server to an Oracle database on SQL 2000/2005?
How do you develop an application to draw, edit and save UML models in Cocoa?
Add a common namespace reference by default to all pages in a project
How to delete files older than N weeks from a Microsoft FTP server
CSV for Excel, Including Both Leading Zeros and Commas
Oracle dbms_scheduler - react to change of system date
hibernate auto-discovery and generation of of database mappings to POJOs
sharing mysql conntection between php files
SharePoint: What is the max size of the multi line text field? Can I set it?
how to append name of file to end of each line in file
UI's in Sharepoint
Open a Specified File in Excel from a GUI - Borland C++
Good database library/ORM for cocoa development
Upgrading from SPS 2003 to MOSS 2007
Debugging Cocoa app
Matlab multiplication of 2 vectors error
How to programmatically cancel an embedded MsBuild build
LINQy way to check if any objects in a collection have the same property value
Force an svn update command to overwrite current files
Upload document to specific folder in a SharePoint Document library using WebClient
SharePoint and Office Open XML interaction question
are there any commands that are usually used for comparing time in bash shell script?
What could cause Visual Studio / C# error MSB3105: Duplicate resources
Is there some way to commit a file "partially" in TortoiseSVN?
How do I upload a document to SharePoint with Java?
NSTableView - NSButtonCell Data Source type?
Need an example of a primary-key @OneToOne mapping in Hibernate
What are the factors to decide between using Core Data versus rolling out a custom model?
How can I toggle word wrap in Visual Studio.NET?
How can I pass a class name as an argument to an object factory in cocoa?
Setting global_names parameter.
How do I get the max ID with Linq to Entity?
Interesting usage of tar... but what is happening?
MySQL code fails to display category name (WordPress database)
Top 5 time consuming SQls in Oracle
SharePoint - Custom Dataview - Link Rendering Issues
Is yield useful outside of LINQ?
inject property value into Spring bean
Authentication Error when connecting accessing Sharepoint list via web service
Subversion Merge Problem: Cannot reintegrate yet
Multiple QMainWindow instances?
Cross domain Ajax request from within js file.
LINQ grouping/subquery to fill a hierarchy data strcuture
Remove elusive keyboard binding in visual studio
how can i simplify an expression using basic arithmetics?
Oracle User Management
How to view load test reports by individual request in Visual Studio Team edition
How can I keep data in sync during deployment?
VS2008 Navigate to class definition add-in
bash if -a vs -e option
VS2008 debugging with firefox as default browser - how to make the debugger stop/close on exit?
Hibernate group by time interval
Is there an easy way to provide a Matlab-based Web App or Web Service?
Spring bean with no id or name
How to close a file descriptor from another process in unix systems
Does Apache log cancelled downloads?
Make it impossible for users to remove web parts/zones?
Continue on error in loop
Primitive recursion
Connecting to Oracle from ASP.NET is very slow - how to diagnose?
Hibernate: Parse/Translate HQL FROM part to get pairs class alias, class name
mount a windows smb share on OS X as so it can be accessed by 'www' user
Subversion... pratical with a PHP framework app or not?
How do I simplify the below expressions using primitive recursion ????
Should +initialize/+load always start with an: if (self == [MyClass class]) guard?
get users by group in sharepoint
Visual Studio Tips on getting headers that are used in a given project?
Differences between matlab and comsol script?
PL/SQL: Fetching from a Cursor that is passed between two functions
Sharepoint search, redirect from OSSSearchResults.aspx to Search centre
creating a popupwindow from html, not a file
Excel Conditional Formatting Self Reference
NSApplication delegate and Preference Panes
How can I write an addition of two items in a string representation???
MATLAB "C" DLL Errors
Mac OS X Terminal: Map option+delete to "backward delete word"
Embed XML configuration directly in Spring application context
How to free up a key combination in visual studio?
What are some use cases for various DispatcherServlet.detectAllXxx flags?
Issue with serializing Hibernate objects using XStream
How do I convert a variable to a string?
SharePoint - Get a list of current users
To Ajaxify Or Not?
How much overhead does 'Update Check' have for LINQ UPDATES
Testing Workflow History Autocleanup
ajax architecture question
Using Min, Max and Count on HQL
Is there a way to conditionally run Visual Studio Post Build Steps
Displaying a custom form on a new item event in SharePoint 3 document libraries?
IEnumberable.Except wont work, so what do I do?
How to open a link from one web app to another already authenticated?
Are there are any Cocoa-based Data (ER) modeling applications for Mac OS X?
Excel - calculating durations of time data spread across multiple rows
Is it possible to Serialize a LINQ object?
Spring <prop> tag
Threadsafe UITableView
Where is the Location of Microsoft.Sharepoint.dll
LINQ: Check whether an Array is a subset of another
svnserve with LDAP
Is Hibernate good for batch processing?  What about memory usage?
Check to see if Visual Studio can load an assembly
Cross-site AJAX requests
System.Net.WebException :System.UnauthorizedAccessException: Access to the path denied
How to use apache mod_rewrite and alias at the same time?
Is it possible to start an external program from the target directory when debugging?
SharePoint (MOSS 2007) successful forms authentication redirects to machine name
"Session closed" error when trying to get a blob from DB using getBinaryStream()
How can I set up an LDAP connection pool in a JEE Container?
How can I make only some folders show up for certain developers with SVN
How to timestamp request logs with millisecond accuracy in Apache 2.0
Case-insensitive KVC in Cocoa?
Apache2 won't start - Mac OS X - Passenger
How can a SVN repository become corrupt?
Visual Studio - show all calls to a function in source code level
What are your favorite, but less obvious, Visual Studio 2008 tips and tricks?
FileUpload Using Ajax In ASP.NET With C#
Free PHP editor for Mac?
Using Linq with stored procedures
How do I dump one project out of a SVN repository which contains multiple projects
Is it possible to integrate ajax toolkit into mvc appliocations?
delayed call, with possibility of cancelation
How to I launch an on-screen keyboard from my application on Mac OSX?
How Can I Troubleshoot My Custom URL Scheme?
SharePoint - Change Themes Style Sheet
64-bit Qt and Postgres in Windows
Remove duplicates from bash history
Do you use any of the features in the various Visual Studio 2008 Team editions?
Oracle 10g ODBC: SQLBindParameter(SQL_BIGINT) succeeds, SQLExecute fails, but there are no diagnostic errors
Are subversion externals an antipattern?
Which do you like - Visual SVN or Ankhsvn?
Unable to commit to Subversion
Does anyone know the .net odbc driver connection string for excel 2003's xml spreadsheets?
How can I remove the first line of a text file using bash/sed script
iPhone Dev: passing object from controller to a view
SVN - How do I change the HEAD to a previous revision
Automatic tracking of build number in VS 2005?
What do you use (free) to format C# code?
Database design - Should a Date be used as part of a primary key
Can I create "Solution" level items in a Visual Studio Project Template?
List all files changed by a particular user in subversion
Are there any add-ons for Visual Studio to help manage todo comments?
spring bean configuration
how do widgets like "http://sharethis.com/" make what seem to be XSS calls
How to Install Reporting Services Report Viewer WebPart?
Spring MVC
How do I get each line from an NSString?
How do I get bash completion to work with aliases?
How to speed up sharepoint development in Virtual PC?
Moss 2007 SSP Error "Search application '{0}' is not ready."
SharePoint (MOSS 2007) remove user
Using LINQ to query flat text files with fixed-length records?
svn: Path does not exist in revision
Linq to Sql query using "not in"
How can I implement a global RewriteCond / RewriteRule in Apache that applies to all virtual hosts?
Easily using  Excel data in SQL Server
How can i have two concurrent web apps running on VS2008/VSS8.0/ASP.NET/IIS for a trunk and branch version?
Problem refreshing tables in the LINQ to SQL designer
linq to sql:  join multiple columns from the same table
How to automate Matlab/Simulink/Real-TimeWorkshop  code generation?
lazy loading some config params, trying to come up with a pattern in Scala...
Need skeleton code to call Excel VBA from PythonWin
Unable to build 32-bit Qt Mysql plugin with MinGw
How do I Get the Autcomplete Control script side with a Script control (ASP.Net)
Linq for java
What are the various files that could have PATH declarations for OSX Terminal in them?
Is there any way to change the index of menu items in a SharePoint menu?
"Microsoft Visual C# IntelliSense has stopped working" in project referencing F#
Setting the NSBrowserCell image using bindings?
Visual studio - is there a way to select multiple files and wrap a namespace around each of them?
Version control of MDF files
Creating mdf file from sql script
Best reflection of extract-interface refactoring in subversion
How can I perform a reverse string search in Excel without using VBA?
rewrite this RewriteRule
SVN/Tortoise - Label generation
Can apache's ProxyRemote be used to proxy HTTPS requests to mongrel for processing?
How bad is ignoring Oracle DUP_VAL_ON_INDEX exception?
Can you call one Drupal views template for multiple views?
How do I access the data passed back from a workflow association form?
How do I find a complete list of extensions installed in VS2008?
undo redo with an auto delete mechanism
Qt commercial licenses?
Clean document roles in a Doc Library
ApplyWebConfigModifications not working in the Farm
qt/c++ casting question
Does this sound like a good idea? ( svn / version control / webdev / deployment )
Pattern matching characters for svn:ignore
Create a colored bubble/circle programmatically
Displaying foreign key relationships in Oracle 9i
How can i represent many to many relationship to the same table/entity in hibernate?
Oracle linux front end
UTF 8 from Oracle tables
How to wait in bash for several subprocesses to finish and return exit code !=0 when any subprocess ends with code !=0 ?
how do i get a count of columns that contain data from excel
Identifier for win64 configuration in Qmake
How to upgrade a long running SharePoint Workflow already in production
Storing Feature Configuration within Sharepoint
What causes Visual Studio 2005 Out-Of-Order Command Line Builds?
Sharepoint stripping HTTP Headers
How can I use the "Publish" function in Visual Studio 2008 without erasing the contents of the target folder?
Explanation of â€œtying the knotâ€
What are your favorite programming-related academic papers?
Best project format for VS2005 + SharePoint deployment?
(Visual)SVN ignore files by Regex
How to create a task in SharePoint with c#
A good place to find Interface Builder pluginsâ€¦
Do I have to use InfoPath forms for every task within a SharePoint workflow?
javascript not working, no errors
Can I see a log of who did what with my subversion server?
Can you add a big flash banner to the top of a Wordpress blog?
Weird VS2008 Intelliesense problem
Hibernate: How to make Hibernate delete records from child table when deleting parent if child is linked to parent with many-to-one?
Case senstive validation in Excel from Named List
Sharepoint Conditional fields in Edit.aspx
Subversion - Move Repository
Using fields from a 'lookup-ed' sharepoint list
Visual Studio: How to debug a program using Visual Studio?
oracle: how do I get the sequence number of the row just inserted?
Is there ANY way to suppress the browser's login prompt on 401 response when using XmlHttpRequest
Recovering from an unfortunate "svn copy"
oracle left outer joins not showing right null values
VS2008: Launching the executable for a project that isn't the active project in a solution
How to I change the main menu in Cocoa?
bash scripting..copying files without overwriting
Zip Code distance in excel
How To Update Data With Linq By Attach Method
What is your experience with Oracle's result caching feature?
How do I generate an SSL Certificate with Microsoft Certificate Services and then install / configure it to work with Apache?
stopping sharepoint workflow programatically
Faster Insert Oracle Hash Cluster Table
Workarounds to avoid trying to conditionally protect cells in a shared workbook
Is linq a cursor?
Best way to migrate site content into a new SharePoint site
LINQ to SQL
Case preserving find/replace in Visual Studio
Helper functions in Cocoa
Using Win32 API in Qt OSE project
Escaping out of the Find and Replace box in Visual Studio 2008
reordering an mbox file chronologically
SVN - Not a working copy error
How to do this in ADO.NET Entities Framework
Shell scripting: die on any error
Change default XML comment snippet in Visual Studio
How to add and relate a node within the parent nodes add form in Drupal.
How do I map a hibernate Timestamp to a MySQL BIGINT?
VS2005: How to not have VS try to parse text file resources as html?
How to trim whitespace from bash variable?
Oracle function concurrency
Eclipse keyboard shortcuts broken in 10.5.6
Sorting IQueryable by Aggregate in VB.net
How do I start with working Sub-Version + Delphi?
C stack overflow on Project Euler Problem 27
Runtime error 1004: Application-defined or object-defined error
Cross join (pivot) with n-n table containing values
Print from Visual Studio Object Browser
Visual Studio hangs on build
In which process to Sharepoint 2007 Workflows run?
.htaccess redirect with fragment
ajax php variables in javascript
Changing terminalinterface command after showing it on qt/kdelibs app
How do I disable ms query's auto wrapping of column aliases with quotes in excel 2007?
How to automatically sort a QTreeWidget column?
Can entire page be developed out of ajax in asp.net 3.5?
Avoid expansion of * in bash builtin function let
How do you count the words in an array of strings with LINQ?
How to do joins in LINQ on multiple fields in single join
Automatic migratiion between different Persistent backends
What is a solution folder in visual studio
Is there a recommended number of lines of code per file?
Oracle TO_DATE headache
Apache Web Server Redirect Post Request
Will an svn:external subdirectory sync with its HEAD revision upon every 'svn update' to the parent working copy?
(QT/kdelib)  how to know the end of a command in KTerminalInterface?
refactoring the OrderBy expression
Visual Studio - Publish to multiple locations?
PL-SQL: getting column data types out of query results
Why does my nib's window close immediately?
How to Debug Spring NoSuchBeanDefinitionException
Sql server Newbie needs help
Expand Recurring Events from a Sharepoint Calendar over WebServices?
Are There Any "Blank" Wordpress Designs?
Turn this recursive haskell function into a map call
Convert haskell Int with leading zero to String
Visual c++ 2008: how to have global settings defined in a solution
How do you do generic programming in Haskell?
MATLAB: Using ODE solvers?
Sharepoint Web Part Management
Sharepoint workflows does not start
Best Practice for Spring MVC form-backing object tree initialization
Controlling how custom field types are rendered when exported to spreadsheet
Excluding subdirectories with a pattern in subversion
Abstract class memory management in Cocoa
ORA-12638: Credential retrieval failed
Useful Add-In's or Plug-In's for native Visual Studio developer
Restricting a monad to a type class
Oracle 9i: Synonymed Table Does Not Exist?
Adding a framework in XCode
How make difference between working version control directories?
How do I know you have logged in a Sharepoint WebPage?
Looking for info on custom drawing of interface components (Cocoa)
Launch safari from a Mac application
Visual Studio 2008 Fatal Execution Engine Error (7A2E0F92)
Creating relationships between posts in WordPress
Rotating a Div Element in jQuery
What are the differences between using an iframe and ajax to include the contents of an external page?
What is the best way to model an Association Class in Core Data?
install EventFilter on QWidget (qt4.4.3/kde4)
JSP-based Templating with Spring
How useful is NSObject's isMemberOfClass: method?
Can someone explain source (versioning) control to me?
Drupal How to see document attached to Node for anonymous users
How to make warnings persist in visual studio
SVN (mod_dav) 403 FORBIDDEN OPTION request
Best toolkit for new Web application (odd requirements)
LINQ - Update null integer data field
Linq SubmitChanges not updating decimal fields ... why?
Extending Forms Authentication Timeout When Making AJAX Calls With jQuery
NSTask and which not finding my installed git location
Hand Coded GUI Versus Qt Designer GUI
Adding to the Where clause of an Update in LinQ-to-Entities
Sharepoint as template application
How to change Visual Studio Auto Format
Conditional .htaccess RewriteRule parameter
Mac Browsers - Is IE5.5 for the Mac officially dead?
Use list item on Master Page
How do I test for an Oracle connection
LINQ Query - Explanation needed of why these examples are different.
What is the maximum number of characters allowed in a Note field in SharePoint?
jQuery and AJAX
Exporting Excel cell data to database via Excel macro?
In excel automation, how to gracefully handle invalid file format error upon file opening?
Oracle: How can I programmatically arrange to have my current connection killed?
Access Denied to all SVN Directories
how can I search an svn repository for the existance of files in any revision
SVN Mergeinfo properties on paths other than the Working Copy root
Is it possible to enable ClearType on Visual Studio only?
Haskell, Lisp, and verbosity
What's the easiest way to create an array of structs?
How Can I add additional functions to Visual Studio's Server Explorer?
Storing Dates in Oracle via Hibernate
Detect OS from a bash script
USB (PNY 4GB) suddenly appears empty - mounts, but name is strange, files not there
Adding related data with multiple LINQ to SQL DataContexts
Looking for Matlab to F#/C# Script Convertor
save graphs in Haskell
Visual Haskell 2008
How do you get a minimal SDL program to compile and link in visual studio 2008 express?
How to get google page rank and number of searches in excel sheet
MATLAB settings - stop if errors
LINQ- Combine Multiple List<T>  and order by a value (.Net 3.5)
Is it safe to commit more files as a pre-commit hook
Mutual recursion -- can someone help explain how this code works?
How to debug "Unexpected debug information initialization error -- 'Failed to find a required export in the runtime.'"
Does it exist an API for "International Settings" in Visual Studio?
How do you change the ListTemplateID of an existing SharePoint list?
How can I set the schema name used by hibernate entities at query time?
A useful example of when to use vsize function instead of length function in Oracle?
os x: sending mail to localhost
Visual Studio Performance with External Hard Drive
How to Capture / Post system-wide Keyboard / Mouse events under OSX ?
Visual Stuido: Make view code default
Office XP Shared Addin VS 2008
Testing in Visual Studio Succeeds Individually, Fails in a Set
Are there any good drag&drop AJAX web app toolkits out there?
ASP.Net ScriptControl - Call one method from another
Display os x window full screen on secondary monitor using Cocoa
How to use Office from Visual Studio C#?
Filtering Null values in Select
Show a list of words repetited in haskell
Using Git in a Company?
onreadystatechange function not being called
Javascript/Ajax - Manually remove event handler from a Sys.EventHandlerList()
Free SQL Query generator tool for oracle database?
Viewstate error on SharePoint custom site page with SPGridView
Oracle: how to use updateXML to update multiple nodes in a document?
Typed FP: Tuple Arguments and Curriable Arguments
comparisons of ajax libraries
How do I add a file to Subversion that has the same name as a directory that was deleted?
Automatically adding .Net code comments
PyQt: getting widgets to resize automatically in a QDialog
How to move autocompleted closing tag in Visual Studio
Syncing a Core Data Model With A Web Service
[bash] Escape a string for sed search pattern
What is your code maintenance strategy for custom SharePoint assemblies?
Determine if a sequence contains all elements of another sequence using Linq
With svn how do I add a log message to trunk when creating a tag?
Is there a foreach in Matlab?  If so, how does it behave if the underlying data changes?
Idiomatic Scala Map manipulation
Linq to SQL: order by value in related table
Running a Socket Server in Cocoa
How do I prevent a subversion update with no changes from causing IIS from recompiling the website?
LINQ Anonymous Types + MVC Views Help
Table per Concrete Class Hierarchy in Hibernate
TortoiseSVN can't connect to machine in workgroup
How do I tell rsync to run only if the destination directory exists?
How to create a series of dates in Cocoa for a week
Possible to call Oracle FUNCTION from .Net using Enterprise Library?
Designing sharepoint pages - what can I use?
Does Oracle Applications API expose Web Services? (that can be called from .NET?)
How haskell tail recursion works?
High performance product catalog in asp.net?
LINQ ISNULL
VSTS Database Edition and the GDR project structure
SPContext.Current.Web.CurrentUser returns misleading value
How composite function with arbitrary arity in Haskell?
Linq vs. database views
SharePoint Permission Levels in Production for Developers
Visual Studio solutions, do you nest them?
How to remove a file/folder from a SVN repository and add to ignore list
Need Visual Studio macro to add banner to all C# files
How to repace ${} variables in a *nix text file
how to call the c static library in a cocoa app ?
Is there any way to block files being committed to SVN repository
Current user in Magento?
Getting a Signature Mismatch Error when Compiling Even though it Matches in VS.NET 2005
Can Hibernate return a collection of result objects OTHER than a List?
Returning Oracle ref cursor and appending multiple results
SVN best-practives - working in a team
Share Sharepoint lists across sub sites
Stop echoing ^C to terminal
SharePoint 2007 Approval Workflow - Any other person can approve requirement
Best resource to learn application programming? (.Net/Cocoa/etc)
Code freeze in SVN
Binning in matlab
Screen scarping through AJAX and javascript
Windows Backup for SVN Repositories
Possible to load a web part inside another?
[Visual Studio 2003] Setting environment variables in pre-build event and using in compilation step
Loop through PageField in OLAP Cube [PivotTable]
Append text to stderr redirects in bash
Mac OS counterpart to Sysinternals and Powertoys
Drawing a line in Visual Studio .net at design time
Where is the Content Source Name in the SSP Search Database
LINQ to SQL Query Syntax
Should I use NSDecimalNumber to deal with money?
Is there a way to enable / disable constraints in db2 v7?
Convert asp.net project pages from Windows-1251 to Utf-8
Function names and parameters in matlab variables
How to display only taxonomy terms with nodes associated to in Views 2?
Regular expressions in Cocoa / Objective-C.
Spring AOP: applying properties through the aspect
How to keep the installer's version number in sync with the installed assemblies' version numbers?
How can I automatically enable content approval on a SharePoint list?
Attaching to child process automatically in Visual Studio
Removing directories with spaces with bash
Which plugin do you use for using SVN inside Visual Studio
com.finder.desktopservices asks for admin password when copying files
Protected Sheets in Excel Service
Which way to go in Linux (Qt or KDevelop)
TOAD vs AquaFold - Connecting to Oracle
How to wire Interdependent beans in Spring (Deferred property binding)?
Navigating backward and forward with the mouse in Visual Studio 2008
Converting small-ish Oracle long raw values to other types
Running out of DB connections using LINQ to SQL
PyObjc vs RubyCocoa for Mac development, Which is more mature?
Is Drupal ready for the enterprise?
Which is more efficient in Haskell; pattern matching or nest if/switch statements?
Better (non-linear) binning
OSX: Environment variables pointing to application bundles?
Is there an alternative of ajax that does not require polling without sever side modifications?
VBA code for SUMIFS?
Slow "Find All References" in Visual Studio
How do I configure jEdit for Scala projects?
Is it safe to assume that Spring MessageSource implementations are thread-safe?
Macintosh C Creating a navigation window to choose an app
Apache rewrite
How to get rid validation warnings
ORA-28579: network error during callback from external procedure agent
shell script templates
how can i add two projects..vs2008
How to query (LINQ) multiple table association link ?
How can I programatically change the background in Mac OS X?
Is it possible to have a custom webpart listen to default SharePoint search box?
Zipcode to city/state look-up XML file?
Destructuring tuples in Haskell?
linq nested query using .contains with a bigint
Double-logging in Hibernate
Can I start with a string and instantiate an object of that string?
What would be a good way to add "friendly" column names to a LINQ to SQL model?
What tablespace are Oracle sequences stored in?
Self-referencing updates in HQL
How to create a new figure in Matlab?
initWithFrame not called, but awakeFromNib is
Why would subversion timeout when I try to commit changes to a directory?
How to get a beautiful color scale on (semi-)logarithmic 3d plots on Matlab?
What would simple guidelines would you give your developers for writing good SQL against Oracle?
Showing generic class eg Table<String> in xml comments in visual studio.
Is there  a way to get coordinates relative to the innermost NSView when the parent is not the window?
When Oracle ROWID may change ?
Username in Wordpress 2.7 Admin not changing based on user
Getting started with Apache, MySQL, and (PHP, Perl, Python) on a Mac
How to use CurrentSessionContext/SpringSessionContext along with HibernateDaoSupport to intercept calls to getCurrentSession()
Good download manager for Drupal?
cd doesn't work when redirecting output?
How can I hook up to Excel events in Javascript
Storing MATLAB structs in Java objects
Can one access TestContext in an AssemblyCleanup method?
How do I sent users to a different "site" in Apache while also using mod_proxy?
Oracle: How to create an element in a specific namespace with XMLElement()
Excel, OleDb, and Leading zeros
Split a collection into n parts with LINQ?
Pushing from subversion to web server
Subversion as version-incrementor at each commit?
Is it possible to create autorun hybrid CD/DVD on Max OSX Tiger/Leopard?
update a field based on subtotal from another table
SharePoint WebPart Packages and dlls
Visual Basic Compiler keeps crashing
SharePoint List Pre-Population
best way to programmatically modify excel spreadsheets
Is there a native excel class which allows a range to be copied and sorts/filters applied?
LINQ with Subquery/Group By/Join
Filtering Custom Fields in Wordpress Plugin Dev
console application - object model - database persmission
what is the best strategy  to retrieve form data? client ajax / server
Copy SVN Repository
Can I declare a Global Inferred variable in C#?
Core Animation with a Core Graphics drawing
How can I access specific subsets of a large NSDictionary in Cocoa?
How to determine an Oracle query without access to source code?
Custom SharePoint feature in multiple scopes in document library - shows up as duplicates
Import multiline csv files into Excel internationally
Qt goes LGPL!  On Windows, is it good enough to use instead of MFC?
How to parse rss-feeds / xml in a shell script
How can I tell if a file is busy, e.g. the Finder is busy copying to it?
How to recover from svn hotcopy backups
Getting a CGImage out of a PDF file
SharePoint Lists, GetListItems, XML, and VBA - I just want to crossreference!
Using Oracle ref cursor in Java without Oracle dependency
Moving an arbitrary setting to a toolbar in Visual Studio
Personal Version Controller
Sharepoint: What happens to lists based on content type when content type is updated?
ASP.NET Ajax script registration
Temporary redirection of stderr in a bash script
Bash: How to feed a command with the multiple results generated by one subcommand
How do I map a CHAR(1) to a boolean using Hibernate for Java?
Access X11 display from empty environment (bash)
SharePoint: Why does a content deployment job customize all my master pages?
F6 for compiling?
Accessing Oracle DB through SQL Server using OPENROWSET
Automatically attach vs2005 debugger to a child processes
Visual Studio tip
Wordpress Category ID vs Eval Issue
Linq to Sql Deferred Loading
What is the LINQ to XML equivalent for this XPath
How to set programmatically two different Excel formulas for every other
What is the defirence between DoS and Brute Force attacks?
Can any have the information about the Apache Roller Weblogger software
How to unit-test a file writing method with Visual Studio's built-in automated tests?
Minimal Qt executable-size
Custom spring scopes ?
Best way to track and enforce peer reviews before commit
How to get column info from oracle table you don't own (without using describe)?
Upload files to Sharepoint document libraries via FTP
Format cell color based on value in another sheet and cell
When is an NSPersistentDocument's data store moved to final save location?
How to configure Visual Studio not to give UAC prompt on each run?
How to stop Visual Studio from automatically creating solution files
Creating a dual Mac/Win Autorun CD
WordPress: Useful plugins for building a user manual?
How to retrieve XML into Oracle PL/SQL via an HTTP Post transaction?
Is there a good reason to configure hibernate with XML rather than via annotations?
What is MATLAB? Does it generate executables?
Subversion plugin to Visual Studio?
How can I determine what roles are required to access a URL with Spring Security?
AJAX/NPH Scripts under Apache 2.2.9 - without the nph-name preface?
Spring - Annotation Based Controller - RequestMapping based on query string
Submitting a list of Items to Database with Linq datacontext
Number of solutions in a visual studio solution
How can I start a specific excel version in com automation?
Pointcut not working with Spring AOP
Ajax: Partial refresh of a parent page (update a div) from "lightbox" window
NSMutableArray memory management
In cocoa, how can I display the spinning NSProgressIndicator in a different color?
VIsual Studio - How to change the return value of a method in the debugger ?
linq to sql LoadWith limiting fields returned
Sharepoint Requirements
Migrate from Subversion to Team Foundation Server
What options do I have for reading Excel files and evaluating formulas in C#, Java and PHP?
Sharepoint web part stops working because of Resources.en-US.resx file
Project portal bombed after installing VS 2008?
How can I change the repository url using AnkhSVN 2.x
Directly passing html code into webkit
Oracle 10g - An invisible column?
clear buffer cache on Mac OS X
How to encode special characters using mod_rewrite & Apache?
How do I cross fade text to an NSTextView and an image to an NSImageView in a cocoa app?
Custom C# data transfer objects from javascript PageMethods.
I want to start Qt development - what basic knoledge in C++ and OS I have to own?
BDC Paging
Best practices for using Subversion on a development server?
Selecting an index in a QListView
How do I copy a range in vba?
Visual Studio 2008 Reports: Relative image paths?
Is this implementation correct?
Mixing Static Libraries of C Code  built from different versions of Visual Studio 2002 and later
is it possible to migrate a single component from one svn repository to another while preserving history?
When to exploit type inference in Haskell?
Parallel processing from a command queue on Linux (bash, python, ruby... whatever)
Accordion control gets 'extended' when we switch to designer
best deployment approach for VSeWSS 1.2
How to show a local image in the webview?
How to implement an IFilter for indexing heavyweight formats?
Mouseover in NSTableView
GET parameters on ajax call (into modal dialog)
HTML type drop down in excel
Starting and controlling two instances of excel within my program?
passing a datatable as a field from Oracle to .NET
In cocoa, how can I darken everything displayed in a single NSView?
What reporting is available for svn?
Is it possible to kill a single query in oracle without killing the session?
Cannot set a breakpoint in aspx page running under WSS
in Drupal, how to make login state consistent between browser pages and embedded XMLRPC client?
What are your most frequently used shortcut keys in visual studio?
REST Service exposed on WCF not populating parameter values
MATLAB: how to locate the nth appeared number in a loop?
Is there a way to run an outside executable after a SPECIFIC solution is built in Visual Studio 2008?
upload a file to document library in sharepoint
How to instal libgluezilla for MAC OS X
Is it safe to use incremental rebuild for generating release build in visual C++ ?
MOSS FBA never asking for creds
Hibernate/Spring application - export to CSV
Drupal form being rendered before submit action
LINQ version of TOP PERCENT
How do I limit the number of rows returned by an oracle query?
RewriteRule checking file in rewriten file path exists.
ASP.net Modal Pop up extender and DropDownlist autopostback
CruiseControl.Net + Apache
What is good for SharePoint beginner user tutorials?
Java library or code sample to parse CTXCAT query syntax (for Oracle CATSEARCH)
Subversion merging changes from a different repository
Spring and hibernate.cfg.xml
Performance Benchmarking for Apache Nutch
Why should I NOT use the /optimize switch to compile my C# code?
How to find details of Sharepoint installation programatically?
How do I display a ratio in Excel in the format A:B?
Refering to environment variable in oracle sql files on Linux and Windows
How to make Oracle error messages more verbose?
How do you store dependencies of you program, and tests items deployement in your SCC ?
Reading CLOB column is slow...
Extract all matching substrings in bash
Conditionally bypassing a Sharepoint 'onWorkflowModified' activity
What's the best way to trim whitespace from a string in Objective-C?
Best Practice for Subversion and Image Uploads
LINQ COUNT on multiple columns
Querying against LINQ to SQL relationships
determine platform Qt application is running on at runtime
Linq - what locale/collation it uses to compare objects?
Scala Programming for Android
Import to the same Subversion repository directory multiple times?
How to write a nice Low-Pass-Filter in Scala
Creating CGImageContext for resizing UIImage fails in simulator
LINQ: Using AssociateWith and Distinct together
What is the Visual Studio 08 C# Assembly Information GUID setting for?
How to make Visual Studio take automatic actions on check-in?
Visual Studio: Preserving syntax coloring when pasting code into HTML
Is there a way to make a region of code "read only" in visual studio?
Packages in MatLab for a beginner?
Why do I have to copy the libmysql.dll to the apache/bin directory to get the PHP extension to load properly?
How to test if a given path is a mount point
Can I move an existing Subversion repository into a new parent repository (and retain the history)?
Linq - sum child field value when child records query ganareted by diffrent func
How can I get Apache HTTP Server 2.2 and IIS 5.1 to both work on my localhost?
How to detect the item restore on a ItemAdded() event on SharePoint
Can svn:externals be used while ignoring externals for that URL?
scala -> use .net (linq) and java (various frameworks) in the same program?
htaccess mod_deflate does not work on shared server
Calculating person's time zone (GMT offset) based on phone number?
How to validate a user through an AJAX request?
How to add a file selector/opener in cocoa with Interface Builder?
link an Array Controller to an Array in XCode via outlets
How can I make an NSOutlineView where some of the entires are buttons?
Apache alternatives to PHP header function.
Detecting a column with a default value using the Oracle Call Interface (OCI)
How to copy data from another workbook (excel) ?
How to find and select multiple rows with macro (excel) ?
Automated testing of VBA UserForms- tools and/or techniques?
How to show the Logged Messages window in Xcode
How to declare a function in Cocoa after the function using it?
Oracle9i: Filter Expression Fails to Exclude Data at Runtime
User gets a 403 error (user has Full Control permission)
How do I prevent Visual Studio from renaming my controls?
How do I restrict Apache/SVN access to specific users (ldap/file-based authentication)?
Is there a framewok / API I could use to export iPhone-SDK's ABRecordRef instances to vCard?
How can I divide a bound array in parts that automatically fill the table?
Hibernate Performance Tweaks
How to programmatically modify content in a SharePoint Web Part?
Loads of extra space at bottom of class in Visual Studio 2008 C# Express
How does one write the Pythagoras Theorem in Scala?
Is there any way to avoid installing Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 Team System Database Edition to be able to build DBPro projects on a centralized build server?
CMS for SharePoint
Mod_rewrite with godaddy
Is there a way in scala to convert from any Map to java.util.Map ?
SELECT * breaks when adding columns in Oracle Application Express (ApEx) 3.0
Using STSADM to export and import site collection
How do I force a new site collection to inherit a master page?
HQL Query using group by
SharePoint SPListItemCollection ReorderItems
How to add collation to Linq expressions?
How do I list all repositories with the SVNParentPath directive on Apache+SVN?
Run STSADM from ASP.NET under _layouts
Self-referential URLs
How do I enter a DateTime value in the VS QuickWatch window?
Bind user defaults to different identifier
Is there a recommend way to get Spring 2.5+ to autowire Hibernate domain objects
After adding a symbolic link in a svn repository I keep receiving an error inside of that directory
Is there a super-high-load (Ajax) chat script out there?
How do you Read SharePoint Lists Programatically?
Checking for the presence of text in a text column efficiently
How can I stop cl.exe from terminating when a user logs out?
How can easily view the contents of a datatable or dataview in the immediate window
Best way to copy of move files with Objective-C?
Serialize Oracle row to XML
Hibernate and IDs
How do I set a surf to one color (no gradient) in my matlab-plot?
How to access the uiserID of the user who initiated a workflow
Oracle: Combine multiple results in a subquery into a single comma-separated value
Understanding / Modeling forumals from Excel.
How to run Eclipse 3.4.1 on MacOS 10.5.6?
Problem in running Junit tests in eclipse 3.4.1 on Mac OS
Sharepoint Workflow Vs. WFF
Visual Web Developer and multiple sites on the same FTP server
Does the VS disassembly window show the whole EXE?
How do I copy my entire working copy between hard drives?
Convert Visual Studio project to ASP.NET MVC
Right click on sheet-tabs disabled in Excel
Object Model Permission
Copy always to output directory does not work
Hibernate ID Generator
How to profile methods in dependent assemblies in a unit test instrumentation performance session?
Iterating over Java Collections in Scala
subversion server vs. network repository access through tortoise
Creating GUI application completely in QtScript, what is your opinion?
LINQ to DATASET update with a stored procedure
Is there a built-in Haskell equivalent for C++'s std::bind2nd?
Gridlines in excel through interop
What does a pipe in a class definition mean?
wordpress url resolution of subpages from within plugin
How do I dispose of my own sharedInstance in Objective-C?
How do I do date math in a bash script on OS X Leopard?
Pros and cons of MS Ajax vs. jQuery in an ASP.NET MVC app?
How can I ping many subsites ~/[0, 3].html in Bash?
LINQ to SQL - Update to increment a non-primary-key field - thread-safe
How can I have Subversion keep only the latest verison of a file?
multiple orderby in this linq code
Problem redirecting a C program output in bash
MaskedEditValidator DisplayMoney doesn't show up in Composite Control
How does one reproduce the inset text style when drawing text with Mac OS X Cocoa?
Implementing UpdatePanel manually
NSXMLParser and error constants
How do I make an OS X application react when a file, picture, etc is dropped on its dock icon?
Can I use NSURLCredentialStorage for HTTP Basic Authentication?
Easiest/best way to set up SVN commit emails?
Multiple custom controls that use mouseMoved in one window...
SharePoint 404 page
Svnserve VS mod_dav_svn
Collections from LINQ to SQL and the abiltiy to filter.
Why is the Intellisense for properties and methods of instantiated datacontext not showing?
What are the long-term effects of reorganising a subversion repository
Best practices for passing data between processes in Cocoa
Best way to handle multiple NSTableView(s)
What is the hot key for 'content assist' in java editor for eclipse in mac?
Apache capacity planning tool?
HTTP GET and POST
Using CreateObject("Excel.Application") - issues with unsigned control
Direct access to keyboard events in OSX
Excel formula to refrence 'CELL TO THE LEFT'
Hibernate One-To-Many Unidirectional on an existing DB
Load Balancing, Spring Security, ConcurrentSessionFilter
Advanced link category functionality in Wordpress
Include value of sharepoint's version column in a word document
SharePoint Solution Deployment: How do I prevent SP from resetting IIS when upgrading or retracting a globally deployed solutions?
What Cocoa/Core Foundation helper functions do you wish you knew about 2 years ago?
Create a new field and update a content type (and all implementations)
how many ways can I get bash alias completion on partial substring
Accessing SharePoint Web Services over Silverlight
Differences between stock Apache on OS X 10.5 Leopard and OS X 10.5 Leopard Server?
Your Favorite LINQ-to-Objects Queries
Using Range Values with Find
Is there a tool to DB Diff on 'data' for an ORACLE database?
How to throw an informative exception from AccessDecisionManager that uses voters
Mac OS X: Where should I store save games for a game delivered as a bundle?
Why does the extract method command in visual studio create static methods?
Oracle ORA-00600
bash: get list of variables whose name matches a certain pattern
How to prevent VS 2008 from publishing .svn folders as part of publish process?
Drupal - Customize a create content form for a certain content type
LINQ to SQL - select where text like string array
Code template's indentation is buggy for code behind files in VS2005?
How do I use the current date in an HQL query with an Oracle database?
Eclipse project not built on Mac due to 'A resource exists with a different case' error
Factory methods for implementations of Java interfaces wrapped with Scala implicits?
Importing an svn branch into git
How to delegate within a crontab to use another file as a crontab? aka Crontab in SVN/CVS?
Customising an NSTextFieldCell depending on the isEnabled biding of the table column
DO NOT TRY THIS! The following bash command will spawn processes to kernel death. Can you explain the syntax?
Update all WCF Service References in one click (two clicks would be OK too!)
Bash completion for make with generic targets in a Makefile
Spring - binding to an object rather than a String or primitive
SharePoint 2007 navigation and removing its delay
Facebook-WordPress comment/feedabck integration
Control 2 seperete Excel instances by COM independantly... can it be done?
Apacahe Name Virtual Host with SSL
SharePoint Workflows - How to associate with specific content types (particularly folders)?
Meaning of (+) in SQL queries
How do I map a Map from an Entity to a Value with hibernate annotations?
How to order categories in wordpress?
How can I tell a QTableWidget to end editing a cell?
Why is movie jumpy when I play simultaneously in 2 Cocoa views?
Oracle command-line tools on Linux
Oracle connections in Spring
Organizing classes into namespace in the App_Code folder not working as expected.
How do you clear your Visual Studio Cache on Windows Vista
SPListItem.Properties DateTime Fields are in weird Hex format
How do I test if a column equals empty_clob() in Oracle?
LInq - querying child collections
Automating builds from subversion tags
Sql Server to Excel via a Web Service
How do I get a user GUID from a selected item in a DropDownBox that is databound to a LINQ datasource?
Concise Haskell book
Compatibility of Comet with current technology
How to terminate script's process tree in Cygwin bash from bash script
Multiple simultaneous posts to DB with Linq
How can I determine a process' unshared memory size on SunOS?
Cocoa/iPhone: BackgroundColor and Opaque Properties
Does PartialView do what I think it should (but doesn't)?
LINQ Inner-Join vs Left-Join
Find and Replace from a Bash Command
Echo spaces in bash script
EBNF to Scala parser combinator
Present tabular data on webpage so the user can directly copy it into Excel.
Debugging mod_rewrite rules without RewriteLog?
Excel Combining Multiple Rows
Sharepoint refine results control only uses the current pages values.
mingw spitting countless warnings about ignoring "dll import" attribute
Safe keyboard shortcut for activating code completion style functionality in Mac OS X browsers
binding NSTextField to NSNumber
How to Publish a SharePoint site on the internet
When upgraded wordpress, got an error "Fatal error: Call to undefined function require_wp_db()" How to fix?
FxCop on build (Visual Studio 2008 Professional)
How do you create a new site template for my sites?
How to use linux fonts in windows QT?
Problems commiting file to SVN repository
error while sending mail
[self arguments] in NSScriptCommand
Hibernate/NHibernate mapping file editor
How to display a SharePoint friendly "Access Denied" message
Dated reminders in sharepoint calendars
Removing duplicate rows from table in Oracle
Best way to organize a subversion repository of many small projects
Is there a easy way to suppress the XML row tags of a collection in Oracle?
Is it possible to change the step size of the built-in haskell range function or literal?
Linq + NHibernate: is it production ready?
Spring vs Hibernate
javascript or php - what is most efficient for updating?
Add codebase as reference instead of copy Visual Studio
How to troubleshoot why Excel disables an add-in?
Drupal How to get a view to display as columns rather than rows
Sharepoint SSL Web.Config access issue.
Is it acceptable/good to store binaries in SVN?
LINQ-to-SQL select filter
How to enable "Connect to Outlook" function in your custom list?
MOSS Web Solution Package breaks when moved
How to configure MSBuild to do some tasks only on release builds?
How to enforce one-and-only-one concurrent logon per user with Oracle SSO?
How to add "help"-text to a mex-function?
How many temporary extents is my oracle 10g session using?
SharePoint through Web Client Service (webclnt.dll). CreateFile fails
How do I update all svn:externals references after a server migration?
LINQ injecting Unicode Characters
how do I get SQL string from an HQL query?
Semi-editable Files (eg config files) and version control - best practices?
app pool identity - farm admin
Team is Going from XP32 to XP64 for .NET Development - Any Gotchas?
Implementing Search As You Type in Excel 2003
Who has bought the autocompletion for linqpad?
Wordpress host IP changed.
Two Asynchronous NSURLRequests using Objective-C for iPhone
How to name fields using Dynamic Linq?
Unicode Basics on Windows
Sharepoint - Question on renaming folders
How to develop an after serverror trigger in Oracle?
Can I send "batched" INSERTs to Oracle?
Tips for reducing Core Animation memory usage
Implementing "scrubby sliders" in Cocoa?
SPFarm.Local.Solutions.Add - Exception - "Access Denied"
Extracting text from an IEnumerable<T>
How to list running screen sessions ?
How do I find similar column names using linq?
Linq to SQL vs Entity Framework, Microsoft support for
SharePoint Form Library: Programmatically or Stsadm command to change content type to custom form template
Tips for using CVS or Subversion as a backup framework for office documents
SharePoint Preserve Page Properties and WebParts
How do I have an icon  displayed when a setup CD is autoplayed in Windows.
How do I specify a publisher for the setup.exe when a setup CD is autoplayed in Windows.
High CPU usage when deploying content types via a SharePoint feature
Programmatically creating a MOSS publishing page
SharePoint 2007 - How To Change Attachment Paperclip Image
jquery form plugin & programmatic submit
Is it reasonable to use small blobs in Oracle?
Grouping data with sum
Is there a tactical (read 'hack') solution to having the VBA code and Excel sheet as one binary file?
Detecting the number of ORACLE rows updated by a OCI OCIStmtExecute call
Is it possible to develop for sharepoint using continuous integration techniques?
How to get all WebpartZones on a page in Sharepoint 2007?
Spring JavaMailSenderImpl: where to set the charset?
SVN Remove File from Repository without deleting local copy.
C# Is there a Linq to HTML, or some other good .Net HTML manipulation API?
JPA and Hibernate Fetch ignoring Associations?
How would I use LINQ2XML in this scenario?
Collabnet SVN Log files, are there any?
Per language settings in Visual Studio 2008
How do I redirect stdin from a shell script to a command in the shell script?
Can I keep CruiseControl.Net's ccnet.config in svn, then have CruiseControl update its own config file when a change is checked in?
Is it possible to AJAX a file upload?
Sharepoint 2007 document management
Spring embedded ldap server in unit tests
Network discovery on a Mac
Hiberate: Collections of Collections
Ajax and filenames - Best practicies
Ajax onSuccess callback while not having any control over ajax calls
How do you GUI-test your Cocoa apps?
What is the most impressive LINQ statement that you have come accross?
Make web application with ajax from the begining or add ajax later?
In Sharepoint, what is the actual name of the page layout used for the "Article page with with body only" layout option?
Implementing a Code Freeze with Subversion
Going transactionless with Hibernate
Regenerate missing AssemblyInfo.cs in VS 2005
What's the difference between different mapping types in Hibernate?
efficient way to make paging on sql server 2008
excel: charting with unknown number of data
Recommendations for AJAH Library
Change background of Terminal.app from the commandline
Drawing lines in Visual Studio for Compact Framework 2.0
LINQ joins and ADO.NET Data Services
Is it possible to observe a readonly property of an object in cocoa?
Control-r reverse-i-search in bash: how do you "reset" the search?
NSTreeController - malloc double free error
How can I put $HOME/opt/git/bin to my PATH?
Oracle client x32 and x64 coexistance
How do I make/apply a diff patch to this situation ?
PostScript files from latex blurred
Redirect all IPs except those whitelisted
How do you read the Oracle transaction log
Hiding the text before an input to only $-sign in Bash?
Apache mod_rewrite and PHP ?argument=something
Tortoise SubWCRev.exe Pre-Build Event
What are the relative merits of wxHaskell and Gtk2HS?
Wordpress permalinks: only using the post_id from the URL
Visual Studio plugin to allow opening 2005 solutions with 2008?
SharePoint: How to determine a site's site directory
How to detect which Space the user is on in Mac OS X Leopard?
How to deal with datatypes returned by LINQ
How do I do this SELECT statement with LINQ?
Why does the Visual Studio IDE sometimes initialize the "this.components object: and other times not?
List files of certain pattern using Excel VBA
Properly implement a webpart with postback?
Excel reference to .NET DLL breaks with new version
Add web part to sharepoint page in aspx markup
Spring: Setting up a simple PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer example.
Dynamically fill in form values with jQuery
What is the best way with Apache to redirect a blank subdomain to another subdomain?
Refactoring plug-in for Visual Studio 2003
SharePoint publishing site email encoding/decoding
How do I set the don't cache header for an html file using apache?
How thoroughly should one learn languages like C, ASM, Lisp, Haskell?
Oracle Database 10g VIEW performance
Strange visual studio 2008 behavior when pressing keys
Linq with Left Join on SubQuery containing Count
SVN Obliterate!
Delete files from disk that aren't in a Visual Studio project
How to do ORM for this situation?
Navigating trees with LINQ to entities
Oracle "Partition By" Keyword
Linq compiled queries without passing the context
Hide NSWindowToolbarButton
Change Revesion Number in Subversion, even if the File not change in the commit.
Press alt + numeric in bash and you get (arg [numeric]) what is that?
linq to entities inheritance query problem.
Extending the attributes inspector in interface builder
Can optimizations affect the ability to debug a VC++ app using its PDB?
Sharepoint ItemStyle.xsl for CQWP using images from a content type
Getting the GUI of an app that went poof!
UNIX commands that support colours
How to make an ASP.Net page with a C# code behind that will work in Sharepoint
Excel dll for Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel
SVN Pre Commit Hooks
Modifying the webparts on a users mysite
Where is the setCouponCode function is defined in Magento
Spring beans redefinition in unit test environment
What is the purpose of Browse Information generated by Visual Studio
Inserting into Oracle the wrong way - how to deal with it?
UITextField changing font size via Interface Builder
Git or Subversion?
Ehcache / Hibernate and RMI replication with large number of entities
Can you set VS2008 to break on an error inside a try-catch statement
Highlight NSToolbarItems
Intermittent Problems loading type
Breakpoints behaving strangely in visual studio
Best setup for code promotion and feature branching in Subversion?
SharePoint and workflows
CATransform3D vs. CGAffineTransform?
Visual Studio 2008 Unnecessary Project Building
turn globed match from case into an array.
Packaging multiple features into a single WSP solution file
Is there a better way to get sub-sequences where each item matches a predicate?
How to order variables alphabetically (Visual Studio 2008)
Problem with flooding menu?
Microsoft .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle problem executing scripts
SVN and accented characters
Using ProxyPass for pages but not images
Subversion Branch/Trunk Best Practice - keeping Branch Up-to-Date?
What is the best method for creating your own Wordpress loops?
SharePoint Development Permissions
Merging missed changes in Subversion
Moving Data from SQL Server to Oracle Repeatedly
Any way to keep myself from accidentally building in the wrong Visual Studio configuration?
Drupal wizard form: Validation and previous button
Drupal Views: Generate xml file
NSColor with calibrated values works differently than regular color??
SVN merge doubt
WSS 2.0 - Customizing document library toolbar
How can I access informations about connected storage devices on Mac OS X?
Unable to serve pages on Mac OS X using default Apache Web Server
Observing Properties with Custom Accessors
Where and When to use LINQ?
Folder structure for many projects in one SVN repository?
What's the least painful way to transfer local Subversion changes to another machine?
Apache2 isn't serving index.php
Apache/PHP closes connection after short time (12 secs)
IE hanging, using 100% of the CPU
Huge AboutIconData block in add-in file
Sharing PHP-CGI between Apache and NGINX
How do I dynamically update the name of a worksheet in Excel?
How can you have a xEmacs-like-Auctex in MacVim?
Set default values for a global variable in a custom class?
manually finding the size of a block of text
Unpacking tuple types in scala
Curve Fitting
Why are my Qt plugins not loading?
How to change the title bar text of Visual Studio
Sessions with clustered instances of Oracle Application Server
SVN: How to re-create a directory that's created but not committed yet
Visual Studio: ContextSwitchDeadlock
How to create a custom EL expression handling regime for jBPM
Disable Option-Enter line breaks in NSTextField?
How do sychronized static methods work in java?
Modify an Excel sheet from Matlab
Problem with Class wizard in VC++ express edition
Hibernate Next/Previous Sibling Mapping
Best way to escape characters like newline and double-quote in NSString
Moss Farm Issue (Front End) Web Application Service Won't Start...
svn access to a https repository: username / password always being prompted for
Can I get specific metadata from a Func<T, object>?
Oracle query to get book-name?
What is a working copy and what does "switching" do for me in Tortoise SVN?
How to do a bulk svn mv in Unix
Sending asynchronous request on clicking a sharepoint web part button control
VS2008 Macro: Perform action on every code file in the solution
Oracle SQL: LEAST() returns multiple rows...?
Visual Studio 2008 SP1 and Visual SourceSafe 2005
Cocoa NSArray/NSSet: -makeObjectsPerformSelector: vs. fast enumeration
alternate way to trigger reverse-i-search without pressing ctrl+r in bash
Mac OS X: Can one process render to another process's window?
GCC without Xcode on OS X
SharePoint web services: test if file exists
Open and read Excel from a Linux based C program?
Vertical line limiter in VS 2008?
Casting DateTime to OracleTimeStampTZ
Adding Existing Form to C++/CLI WinForms Project
How to remap properties in LINQ?
What is the quickest way to query a database with LINQ?
Conditional Cell Contents on Grouping status
SharePoint error relating to page layout after creating site from template
Oracle: Pattern for to_char(number) to add additional ascii characters?
Can I generate values for a custom parameter such as a timstamp for a Visual Studio Item Template?
Rails: submit (via AJAX) when drop-down option clicked
Feedback Framework for Cocoa
Getting a WordPress Page Preview to point to somewhere else?
Identifying Different Excel File Formats
LINQ - Add property to results
In Oracle Spatial (SDO), is there a way to get the centroid point of a polygon that is contained by the surface of the polygon?
What Visual Studio files should be ignored by subversion to eliminate, or at least lessen, conflicts?
Mod-rewrite has revealed itself
Finding files ISO-8859-1 encoded?
How to redirect different sub domain requests to different port
Using the All operator
How does the "specs" BDD framework for Scala work?
tips for manual merge of diverged code
Writing two dimensional array to file and reading two dimensional array from file using Visual C++
How do I implement IWebPartField.Schema correctly when providing a string field
Can Oracle TDE protect data from the DBA?
SharePoint, throwing Exception after impersonation.
How do I call an ORACLE function from OCI ?
Another shell open when at server?
SVN Merge changes made on FTP into working copy
Is there a static way to get the HttpServletRequest of the current request
Type parameters versus member types in Scala
how to work with multiple coincident panel controls in VS 2008 windows forms
Wtf IE7 - AJAX calls using setTimeout
â‚¡urrâ‚¬ncÂ¥ i$ Kiâ‚¤â‚¤ing Me!
Redirection to different port for different sub domain failed
How to get OpenID authentication on SharePoint Services?
How can I use FTP to update my website from a Subversion repository ?
Good techniques to use Makefiles in VisualStudio?
How to remove trailing whitespace in a database column?
Reinitilise a range in Excel / VBA
How can I add properties to an object in IE6?
Hibernate Annotations - Which is better, field or property access?
How to crack an Excel workbook that looks up values?
xslt hyperlink, seperate the url and descption
svn repository path changed: how to re-bind my local folder to it?
Having spring bean properties refreshed automatically from properties file
LINQ to SQL - Updating Data Context Objects in Partial Classes
register a protocol on mac osx?
Visual Studio Task Panel
SharePoint - Determine the Site Definition used to create a Site Template (.STP)
With Apache httpd, how do I configure no caching for a given UserAgent?
SharePoint DelegateControl Render Order
Confusion over class resolution in Oracle java stored procedures
Best branching stragetgy when doing continuous integration?
LINQ multiple where clause
how to use a procedure parameter in a query
What describes the "File's Owner" best in objective-c / coca Nib?
Writing a string to NSPasteBoard
How can I create a search block with Taxonomy terms and Keyword search in drupal 5?
SharePoint - How can I customize NewForm.aspx in custom feature?
Add webpart to default WSS page via feature
How to run multiple SVN services
Why modRewrite applies automatic .php to this simple Rules?
Problems using git diff to create file list for deploy
What's the smart way to implement OrderBy / ThenBy?
Need to embed Excel worksheet in .NET application
Where is Visual C++ Redistributable Installer in VS 2008?
How to spoof an ethernet MAC address of the wired ethernet interface coming with MacBookPro and Leopard 10.5.6?
Mod rewrite issue
How does Sharepoint+RtWebParts handle timezones?
Batch Renaming with Bash
SharePoint List Item Not Returning Fields
Oracle10 and JDBC: how to make CHAR ignore trailing spaces at comparision?
SharePoint List Error: "Value does not fall within the expected range"
How do I merge two different Visual Studio solutions?
Sending login information via AJAX
bitwise exclusive OR in Oracle
Enum tables in Hibernate/NHibernate
Always get exception when trying to Fill data to DataTable
Is Oracle BC4J Still Supported?
Does Git-Svn Store Svn Passwords?
Binding a custom NSView: Does it demand creating an IBPlugin ?
How to call a function with Rowtype parameter from a select statement in Oracle
Creating Site Templates from MOSS publishing sites
Subclassing a NSTextField
subversion/cruise control/nant/nunit with visual studio projects and solutions.
Write a figure to a file automatically in MATLAB
Specifying the filename of print using a variable
A command line that yields the complete URL of a file inside the svn repository?
Visual Studio, MS Build
Use of Haskell state monad a code smell?
Problem displaying custom property values for SharePoint custom field types
Hibernate HQL: two levels of joins
How can I query two databases and combine the results using LINQ?
Why does Cocoa returns an empty string occasionally?
What goes on a WebFrontend and what on the Application Server is Sharepont 2007/WSS 3.0?
Hibernate: Is there a way to programatically create new tables that resemble an existing one?
Register as Login Item with Cocoa?
How to make an iTunes like (playlists, library) left-sided (collapsible) navigation bar?
Fastest way to count number of uppercase characters in c#
Make visual studio deploy a folder's content without having to update it in the project
Dynamically set the DefaultValue of a ParameterBinding in a DataFormWebPart
Do you use the original (German) apple keyboard/keyboard layout when programming on mac?
Import Sharepoint XML based requirements to HP Quality Center
mod_dav_svn loading error on centos 5
QTextEditor returns quotes(
X11 libaries in OSX 10.5?
How to extract leaf nodes from Oracle XMLTYPE
What are the licensing terms of the Visual Studio Image libraries?
Suggestions for maintaining Visual Studio vcproj project files in version control
Why would clicking "View All Site Content" generate an error?
Setting up KVO for calculated values, based on calculated values.
Are SharePoint site templates really less performant than site definitions?
Arrow keys with NSTableView
Java 6 on an OSX 10.4 Mac PowerPc
DataContext Refresh doesn't invoke PropertyChanging & PropertyChanged Events
MOSS (SharePoint) publishing page schedule options not appearing
Inline editing with AJAX - how do I create multiple editable areas on the same page?
Window move and resize APIs in OS X
How to change Drupals menu alternatives for creating a page
mailto link sharepoint desgner
Use LINQ to concatenate multiple rows into single row (CSV property)
Using single quote when building a string in Cocoa
How can I cut(1) camelcase words?
How to make the Visual Studio compiler ignore a file?
Developers with VS 2005 and VS 2008 working on the same project(s)
how to make a big query on an asp page for an oracle db
Reorder/shuffle values in a row/column in Excel.
Setting up SVN to Best Suit Dev -> QA -> Prod
SVN branching and merging in a rapidly changing feature environment with a high-turnover
Sharepoint custom web part property does not show up in the toolbox
Customize accessdenied.aspx in Sharepoint
Implement votes for a page in a Sharepoint 2007 web?
Hibernate: How to map a *.hbm.xml file in a different folder?
Cocoa color indicator bling?
Unmanged x64 assemblies in mixed .NET development environment
Bash Scripting - no output, no echo
Select a Dictionary<T1, T2> with LINQ
How to talk to Sharepoint: If I only got Full Name
specific format for a  title in a Sharepoint Website?
How to get a custom object out of a generic List with LINQ?
Visual Studio Addin Development - How to resolve the "The process cannot access the file" problem after exiting visual studio?
Do I lose change information with svn move --force?
Linq to SQL or Linq to DataSet?
Ajax call completed event
How to get the index of a record ordered by something in Linq?
What's the best way to remove all .svn directories throughout a directory hierarchy on Mac OS X?
.NET Linq Join
How do I tell VS 2008 to stop putting byte-order marks in front of my files?
OWA Web Part Jumps/Shifts when getting focus on My Site
XML inside an XElement
Double click a NSTableView row in Cocoa?
How to hide the Dock icon
Add a Blog to an Existing Webpage.
mod_rewrite depends on what other modules?
Reasonable SELECT ... INTO Oracle solution for case of multiple OR no rows
Comparing Mac's and Unix manuals?
Non generic IQueryable Enumeration Problem
Recommendations for simple AJAX?
debugger warnings while viewing StackOverflow?
htaccess redirect problem
Cocoa QTKit and recording movies
Mutli-Core Haskell on Windows
Add app to the "Startup Items"
How do you read a third-party Cocoa project?
How to drag NSStatusItems
How to deploy Sharepoint publishing site with multiple sites
Cocoa/Objective-C NSProcessInfo weirdness...
Add elements to an an announcements list for a specific user
What are the (gotchas and) limitations when using POI to create Excel workbooks?
Visual Studio: Is there an incremental search for the entire solution?
Associating an image with a post in WordPress
Zero Downtime with Hibernate
Help me find the reg-key which is preventing me from chaning excel macro security-level?
What Situations Cause Oracle Packages to Become Invalid?
Visual studio formatting options
Is it true LINQ is getting scrapped?
How to Relocate Visual Studio project (.sln) file
How to keep implementation/maintenance costs low in Pro*C?
Will creating a new folder break subversion?
Moving  MS Excel data to a website via a web service.
Shell Command to Recursively give permission to directories and files
Extending the Content Query WebPart
Is there a way to import svn history into git after the fact?
When does a library deserve the be called "Linq-something" or "something-Linq"?
Using Apache for load balancing routing
Visual Studio Addin - "file in zombie state" error
Do Visual Studio 2005 testing tools contain tools for mocking?
Variable quantity columns report
Hibernate is calling public methods on the entities after a query, why?
How update oracle heterogeneous services metadata?
Uniformly link contents of cells
Errors on beginner bash script
How do I import multiple branch-type directories into git-svn which aren't exclusive children of the same parent?
bash history re-runs: possible command to avoid using !bang! ?
Dot Operator in Haskell: need more explanation
version number inside AssemblyInfo.cs update outside visual studio
LINQ to SQL deployment problem
Spring Controller destroy method?
AJAX Error Handling Recommendations and Best Practices
Getting LazyInitializationException when trying to integrate Hibernate and SpringMVC for a web app
SharePoint... is a Web Services interface for my app worth it?
Sharepoint task list doesn't send email on item creation
What is the XDG_SESSION_COOKIE environment variable for?
Confused about LINQ parameters
Spring @Autowired usage
Highlight user-specified words in Visual Studio?
Display SharePoint lookup field on publishing website
SVN hooks for windows
Sharepoint: how can i find all the pages that host a particular web part?
NSMutableArray count always returns zero
Excluding Page from Release Build in ASP.NET Project
Visual studio addin - finding current solution folder path
Subversion with 32 bit server and 32/64 bit clients
Could this query to get the size of a doc be improved in Sharepoint 2007?
Deploying Control Adapters in SharePoint
Outlook Webpart showing only 1 mailbox in Sharepoint
Order a parent object by a child's property in LINQ
Limiting autoshape movement in Excel.
How do I dismiss a sheet with the escape key?
Disabling default XML Schemas in Visual Studio?
svn revision number
Integrating Spring + Hibernate + Sql server with unicode support
Use Personalized Web Part Views WSS 3.0?
Does Acegi/Spring security support getUserPrincipal()?
Strategy in the design and coding of wordpress themes?
What setup do you use for SharePoint (WSS/MOSS) development?
Changing WordPress URL structure while maintaing the proper 301 redirects with mod_rewrite
How would you write an Upsert for LINQ to SQL?
Redirect stderr and stdout in a bash script
Adding related records in LINQ
SharePoint 2007 - Get Central Admin URL ID (guid)
Visual Studio Unit Test - The member specified could not be found.
how to emit cross-thread signal in qt?
multi line text box in sharepoint web part
number of tokens in bash variable
How do I tell if a file does not exist in bash?
How to zero fill a number inside of an Excel cell
Smoothing formula for ChartType = xlXYScatterSmoothNoMarkers
how do I install apache portable runtime
Can you print JavaScript variables from a Visual Studio 2008 Tracepoint?
How would you display the menu of a Sharepoint 2007 website in a .net web application out of the Sharepoint context?
Starting PackageMaker from Spotlight
How To Check for an Index in Oracle
Can I install/update wordpress plugins without providing ftp access?
redirect the stdin to come from a different terminal using Bash
SVN Export with revision history problem
Using PackageMaker to run a script on install
Unable to find Applications folder in Mac's terminal
Can I specify a hibernate relationship with a filter?
LINQ to SQL inserting large object from .NET
Oracle sql types over dblink
How to get all matches from regex?
Apache with SSL - How to convert CER to CRT certificates?
Is there sth like Microsoft's TechNet or MSDN subcriptions for Apple, too?
Why doesn't svn import work?
Cocoa/OpenGL coordinate transformations
At what point do you need to be a programmer to work with Drupal?
Oracle: how to run a stored procedure "later"
How do I sum together file sizes in bash, grouping together the results by date?
Local copy of SVN repository, syncing to remote copy?
CustomAction not appearing in ListView web part for SPList that does not inherit permissions
Linq: IsNot in Object collection
Visual Studio warning level meanings?
What is Excel 2007 workbook Name size limit? Why?
Deleting a LOT of data in Oracle
Deploying custom Asp.net applications to same IIS site as Sharepoint
Test view keeps dissapearing in visual studio
VS2008 setup project installing extra dependency files
Distributing loadable builtin bash modules
which platform do I need to install for qt for apps running on windows and linux
Eval is evil... So what should I use instead?
Shell script - Two Foor loops and changing extension of file
cannot connect to X server :0.0 qt
Linq expression trees
qt add path for 3rd party header and libraries
Ajax Cross Domain Calls
Struggling with .ToList() returing an EntitySet<...>, not an IList<..>
BASH ^word^replacement^ on all matches?
How to isolate causes of system hang on Unix/OSX
Where do you put cleanup code for NSDocument sub-classes?
NSTableView and NSOutlineView Drag and Drop Help
Excel: Changing right click menu above autoshapes.
Visual Studio & SubVersion : What about Machine Specific Files
Sharepoint MOSS customised v's uncustomised
Where are project level imports stored in Visual Studio 2008?
How to get in CAML (Sharepoint 2007)  the same results as SPNavigation.QuickLaunch?
vssettings
How to make document tabs in Visual Studio 2008 appear in left-to-right order, just as it was in earlier VS?
Hibernate tutorials
Cocoa - Suggested techniques for debugging binding problems between XCode and Interface Builder
Enviroment variable within variable
Autofiltered List; cross-row formula
Downcasting and Linq
Query SVN repository from ASP.NET to get revision history
Haskell: recursion with array arguments
Why use Oracle Application Express for web app?
Similar SVN Server software for OS X that's like Visual SVN
Securing AJAX Requests via GUID
Oracle converts empty string to null but JPA doesn't update entity cache correspondingly
using apache location directive to list folders from trac
Visual Studio 2003, Macro, Process.Attach not working always
What knowledge should a software architect have about SharePoint?
excel macro to change unformatted text data to corectly-typed data
Presenting code on my personal website
How to find a JNDI resource inside the hibernatetool Ant  task
Inserting a link to another post in Wordpress
How do I force Visual Studio to use an Open instance when double clicking a file?
How to impersonate a user when calling a .NET web service from a SharePoint webpart?
Programatically Publishing InfoPath Form As Site ContentType (Not Central Admin)
Hibernate <generator class="" > When is it best to use what?
How do I report progress while executing a LINQ expression on a large-ish data set
Hibernate: Retrieve rows that are not joined
Extract table from html to excel from the command-line
Why would a web part fail on constructor the first time it's being added to a page?
Bash: Recursively adding subdirectories to the path
Is there a .Net interface to Oracle SQLPLUS?
Running Oracle stored procs from C#
Wordpress previous_posts_link() leads to a 404 error not found
Theme a CCK input form in Drupal 6
Setting document library permissions in WSS 2.0
Using EnvDTE.Solution - How to Remove Source Control Bindings
How to mix binding (<-) and assignment (let) in one line? (in Haskell)
Linq To Sql - ChangeConflictException not being thrown. Why?
How well does SVN work for Office 2007 documents?
Best way to cache persistent data (e.g. code books) in Spring?
Ceiling function in SharePoint CAML query
Are there any drawbacks to running Visual Studio remotely?
Login/session cookies, Ajax and security
FastCGI cleanup code does not work under windows
Visual Studio plug-in that mimics eclipse environment
How to detect current locale in Mac OS X from the shell
Oracle sequence but then in MS SQL Server
Does LINQ and Lambda expressions reduce Cyclomatic-complexity?
<s>SVN</s> Version control question -- multiple projects depend on the same source.
Excel Pivot
How to get started with svn:externals?
Scala covariance / contravariance question
How to retrieve indentity column vaule after insert using LINQ
scala turning an Iterator[Option[T]] into an Iterator[T]
TortoiseSVN not asking for authentication?
pixel size od NSBitmapImageRep
Drupal, or Joomla Form Builder
Get the pages of a multipage meeting workspace
How to force your local version as newest on SVN
Deploying CAS policies in Sharepoint using the solution framework
Problem with large solutions and service factory
Importing Spring object definitions
How do I detect if an application is document-based?
Making Excel 2002 use .NET v2.0.50727 runtime
How to obtain the macros defined in an Excel workbook
What is the algorithm to covert an Excel Column Letter into its Number?
Why do NSString and NSLog appear to handle %C and %lc (and %S and %ls) differently?
Is there a way to specify a super-type sub-type relationship in Oracle Designer?
What are the benefits of using Oracle Designer?
Restrict LINQ Subquery when databound to a grid
NSTextField with "padding" on the right
Getting a 'source: not found' error when using source in a bash script
How do I use Haskell's FFI on structs?
SharePoint - simplest feature config to register a server control?
How to manage Long Paths in Bash?
A range of objects from a list
How can I get rid of dynamic SQL
Wrap NSButton title
Why isn't my sheet attached to the window it's run for?
How LINQ works internally?
Eclipse RCP on OSX - How to stop logging to syslog?
Haskell: How to pipe the contents of one handle into another in real time.
Apache HTTPD reload
Hibernate not reflecting changes
Downloading CSV via AJAX
How to highlight calculated fields in an Excel spreadsheet?
LINQ statement where result count is used in expression's condition
Exposing multiple objects with RMI in Spring
SharePoint user's AD group membership
Using hibernate criteria, is there a way to escape special characters?
At compilation, "kamran" was determined to be a variable and this variable is uninitialized.  "kamran" is also a function name and previous versions of MATLAB  would have called the function.
Dynamic pathfinding in Excel import
Using excel as UI without VB
how to determine a matrix is empty or not in matlab programming?
JQuery Ui or AjaxControlToolkit ?
Resolving resx references
How to store Blobs in Drupal?
Avoiding too many configurations for a Visual Studio project
Scala collection standard practice
How to prevent the OS X text layout engine from automatically "flipping" lines with right-to-left text?
Where are Java preferences stored on Mac OS X?
Changing a hibernate many-many mapping based on software license flags
My trigger doesn't work in updatepanel?
Scala non-covariant immutable Set
Using '_svn' directories instead of '.svn' in a working copy
Visual Studio 2005 - C++ - What controls the manifest creation
What's the best online tutorial for starting with Spring Python
Would ReadyBoost have an impact on Visual Studio 2008?
Grouping in hibernate - stupid question
SharePoint Web Service Credentials
SVN in-place import and checkout
Why does -[NSTextStorage replaceCharactersInRange: withAttributedString:] sometimes, sometimes not honor fonts in other character sets?
Why doesn't git-svn use the Subversion repositories UUID instead of its URL
The easiest way to write NSData to a file
Scala API design; a service which returns a Set<I> where I is some interface (abstract/trait)
SharePoint Designer Workflow: Unruly 'Collect User Data' Action
Oracle: OALL8 is in an inconsistent state
reloading a table view in an iphone app?
Get all Comment ID's within a Drupal node
What options do I have for LINQ projections?
Why does my MATLAB (R2008a) object's class change on a save/load cycle?
Scriptaculous autocompleter is slow
Is there a simple way to restore widget sizes in Qt?
Running NArrange from SVN pre-commit hook
Build won't copy System.Drawing to output folder.
Printing dialog or window with Qt
Preventing DB password from being accidentally checked into public SVN
Which naming conventions do you use for SVN Branches and Tags?
URL Rewriting - Redirect With No File Extension
Drupal CCK: how to output a node teaser with its fields?
List all svn:externals recursively?
Looking for a good Spring framework cheat cheet
How to link multiple visual studio solutions together?
Some SharePoint pages serve as http in https environment
can abybody explain the structure of apache server.......
Apache Proxy 503 error :*(
Oracle VS SQL server
Can pysvn 1.6.3 be made to work with Subversion 1.6 under linux?
NSTableView sort not getting correct ID
Subversion update externals to a date
How do upload images remotely to Drupal using the Image module?
Building Projects in Visual Studio
Why can I run a Bash function with the 000 permissions?
asp.net MVC Ajax Request Not Firing Correctly
Read/Write data from/to a file in PL/SQL without using UTL_FILE
haskell: error trying to call putStrLn in funciton
AJAX PageRequestManagerParserErrorException error in asp.net page
Hibernate annotations, autoincrement related
Updating a column value in resultset returned by a Linq query
Adding a custom member to a mapped type
2 Oracle Question
Oracle SQL*Loader getting CDATA values...
LINQ - Help me grasp it with an example I think LINQ should be able to solve!
Run multiple commands in one ExecuteScalar in Oracle
LINQ Conflict Detection: Setting UpdateCheck attribute
Importing selective data using impdp
Sharepoint FBA and IIS 6.0 Anonymous access
How do you close Excel com object and save the work?
VBPROJ / CSPROJ
How to use Oracle jdbc driver fixedString property?
Can I define Default Sort order in LinQ
How to "flatten" or "collapse" a 2D Excel table into 1D?
How do you obtain the maximum possible date in Oracle?
Linq expression for surrounding numbers in an array
Timeout a command in bash without unnecessary delay
Same rules for multiple directories in Apache?
oracle diff: how to compare two tables?
LINQ to SQL Classes
Visual Studio Debug Visualizer for all types
Cocoa: [statusItem setView:myView] makes a white bar menu item no matter what
Where can I find a web based svn admin app that does this...
copying a document to another library and incrementing version
Sharepoint Calculated column in list
How to add additional headers to 302 redirects in Apache?
Getting Valuue from MS Access form from Excel VBA.
Functionality in .profile (login script) versus distributing to other scripts.
Why would I make an all-optional message protocol?
What's the Scala syntax for a function taking any subtype of Ordered[A]?
How do I combine setting axes limits and zooming in a MATLAB plot?
Visual Studio unmanaged C++ smart file explorer
SVN commit problems on Mac OSX Terminal
Oracle empty strings
can i go back and edit comments on an svn checkin
How can I setup Apache to serve SVN with this particular URL configuration?
Hibernate: Persist an object as a String?
How to get a line number when parsing with QXmlDefaultHandler?
In Subversion what are best practices to modifying historical files?
excluding commits by specific users from svn merge
Can we count MATLAB as programming language?
How to Convert SQL server to Oracle ?
MySite and profile language
Limiting the number of objects in NSArrayController
Performing part of a IQueryable query and deferring the rest to Linq for Objects
In QT, how to have a fixed size for QDialog
Why does wdiff not work with named pipes
svn update not working in post commit
How do I write a bash script to restart a process if it dies?
Is there a Visual Studio shortcut for replacing the beginning and ending tag name in XAML/XML/HTML at once?
Logging to the ULS log on a WSS 3.0 server
Apache and mod_mono not playing well together
LINQ  to XML question
How do I close an OracleConnection in .NET
NSButton default button with blueish look
To Create an Employee directory
Hibernate uses initial WHERE clause in subsequent queries
SOAP web service running on SharePoint
Validating parameters to a bash script
How to increase the time tooltips remain visible in Visual Studio
How do I time a Cocoa app?
How do you default a new class to public when creating it in Visual Studio?
Visual studio database edition: deploy to db without visual studio
VS2008 crashes with "Fatal Execution Engine Error"
returning multiple columns using Case in Select Satement in Oracle
VS: Automatic "ArgumentNull' check ?
MOSS Alternate Access Mappings
Treat '0',"-1" as Null
SharePoint Feature to install WebPart and custom list.
hibernate mapping file with dependancies to existing tables/POJOs
In Cocoa/Interface Builder, how to clear text in textfield after button click
Manipulating Hibernate 2nd Level Cache
Examples of AJAX Server-Side Script in C?
Sharepoint: Calculated Column replace all spaces
Page Redirect in SharePoint
Drupal node?destination not working
Oracle: Program not forking correctly in SELECT CASE statement on a date
Cocoa: Measure time between keypresses?
Why the splash window canâ€™t show before the App lunch?
Looking for good tool to convert Oracle - sql server
How do I schedule a process' termination?
Ignore some files from SVN commit
Best short examples of the need for Excel VBA
How to remove Excel VBA code modules when spreadsheet opened/closed
Linq Count Returned Results
SharePoint 2007 Banner Hit Counter
Sharepoint solution packaging: how do I get a custom icon for my features?
Where is the Visual Studio layout saved?
Does anybody know if manisfest.xml (wsp) has an intellesense for Visual Studio?
How to shell to an exe and pass cell values from Excel worksheet.
Cannot update document property on ItemAdded event when using Vista
How do you work on Oracle packages in a collaborative, version-controlled environment?
How do I alter tab autocomplete in bash to dive through folders?
Any bad experiences with xp-dev.com?
Svn full dump (moving servers)
Why does Oracle think I'm missing a right parenthesis?
How should I store old dates in SharePoint?
LINQ to DataSet, distinct by multiple columns
Library for parsing Visual Studio Solution files?
Simple Spring, use of ClasspathApplicationContext for standalone apps, how to reuse?
Is there a way to force Visual Studio 2008 (or below) to use a spellchecker for comments?
Working out which cell Vlookup refers to
Excel VBA copy XL-2007 Macro-Enabled Workbook as excel-2003 file with no macros
Converting XLL addin functionality to a native VB module : Problem refreshing formulae
Are PHP processes called via AJAX cancelled on "ESC"?
How to run two processes as though they were one in bash?
SharePoint domains and Content Query Web Part
Problem using @SecondaryTable in Hiberante
Vexing linq to sql predicate building in a for loop
ORACLE - Exporting Procedures / Packages to a file
How do I get rid of the unknown property name errors in Visual Studio?
Visual Studio class/file templates: Is there a way to change their content automatically per project/solution?
Robust SVN export and copy script?
Automatically add svn:needs-lock
Where can I go for hands-on cocoa training besides WDC?
Excel merge and formatting
Remove Single Quotes From All Cells in a DataTable - Creating New Table - Using LINQ in Vb.Net
Tips on speeding up Drupal site
Do organizations ever use SharePoint on a port other than 80?
What are the key differences between Scala and Groovy?
Apache/nginx fine grained (per file) permissions?
Hibernate: ThreadLocalSessionContext: Already session bound on call to bind()
Is there a quick-starting Haskell interpreter suitable for scripting?
Hibernate + Annotations + Validator: Length constraint inside EmbeddedId ignored by hbm2ddl
Enterprise Scala
Synchronize home directories from multiple clients to a server
Allow request coming from specific IP only
What is the easiest way to have a local LAMP installation for web development on mac OS X ?
LINQ Optimization Question
Bash - Supress Notice of Forked Command Being Killed
Referencing a COM assembly in Visual Studio vs converting a COM assembly via tlbimp.exe
Matlab object array method dispatching
Javascript: achieving the Google Ad AJAX effect
Ugly looking text when drawing NSAttributedString in CGContext
Looking for a secure SVN remote update post-commit hook
LINQ: Remove items from IQueryable
How do I stop Visual Studio from launching a new browser window every single time I hit the Start Debugging button?
Strange Oracle problem
How to work with dataset's datarelation in linq?
Make VisualStudio C# have files/folders outside of the project directory.
changing search-dirs for $ sudo gcc
jquery tablesorter + ajax div content update problem
AJAX refresh script
Project management: SharePoint vs activeCollab
Duplicate rows when using orderby, Skip() and Take() with LINQ
Does SharePoint in any way support Wiki markup languages?
Issues Setting up a reverse proxy in Apache
Problem with AJAX
Flattening Linq Group query
LINQ and .COUNT timing out
SharePoint MOSS Alternate Access Mappings
recoverable class Fbd error(s)
linq question: querying nested collections
How can I maintain the checkbox state on a page that is refreshed by Ajax?
Sharepoint direcory list
Detecting nulls in Excel VBA
[LINQ] Operations on Lambda Grouping
Sorting a list using Lambda/Linq to objects
Connect Visual Studio 2008 to Virtual PC 2007
How can I open a file using java stored procedure
Transfer files with versioning using SharePoint and SOAP
Sharepoint updating custom database
How to undo an 'svn copy'
Some Paramters in $.ajax not passing
Force redirect to SSL for all pages apart from one
Excel query table still works after deleting File DSN, how is that possible?
How do I serialize an object to file using NSKeyedArchiver in NSPropertyListXMLFormat_v1_0 format?
SVN update command to target a single externals subfolder ?
How do I stop search engines indexing a maintenance page
How can I slide a view in and out of a window in a Cocoa program.
force excel to stop applying "auto-corrections" to csv import data
What's so great about Scala?
Deploying Layouts in SharePoint
plsql custom numeric format
How to return an error from .bat in Visual Studio project?
Linq OrderBy against specific values
How to Inject Spring  ReloadableResourceBundleMessageSource
Is there a way to use VS with a remote site accessible only by sftp?
How should I specify the type of JSON-like unstructured data in Scala?
LINQ-to-SQL query that returns only one item, not a collection of them?
SQL: Counting number of occurances over multiple columns in Oracle
Good Ajax framework for J2EE
What's best Drupal deployment strategy?
How to find where Apache's httpd.exe is installed?
Help with OSSpinLock* usage to replace a while(true) {sleep(1);}
Visual Studio Test Project - Does not copy folder on deployment
Oracle Throwing SQL Error when creating a View
Bash TAB-completion inside double-quoted string
Async thread dies in SharePoint web part
strange javascript form behaviour.
Change cursor in GL fullscreen on OSX using cocoa?
Validation Drop down on a condition
Problem with const vs #define in Visual Studio
How to "watch" character values of a string on Visual Studio?
Breakpoints not being hit
Declcaring variables in Excel Cells
Is it a good idea to learn LINQ first, then SQL?
How to get Program Files Path in Visual Studio configuration
nargin vs exist
Unable to download the source code of Open Source projects in Mac's terminal
Do you have performance problems when you work on Visual Studio projects via a network share?
Preventing Visual Studio from building all projects when debugging one
How to succesfully join two in-memory linq collections?
How to batch delete using bulkUpdate
How do dynamically set group by properties and aggregates in a LINQ query?
JQuery AJAX Web Service call on SSL WebServer
Linq: Get a list of all tables within DataContext
How to get CURL to save to a different directory?
Is there any Wicket-like web framwork to use with Scala (not lift)?
When are two columns that look the same not the same in oracle?
Multiple sections in Content Block for Drupal
Strange behaviour when accessing Oracle 8i table from servlet
Turn off auto formatting in Visual Studio
Linq Update Problem
NSPopUpButton, Bindings and a shortening lifespan
Having latest copy of SVN'ed files in document root
Why am I getting tree conflicts in subversion?
Is it possible to customize the colors of RockScroll's variable syntax highlighting?
File read from SharePoint via IE. My app is opened with the temp file; what is the SharePoint URL?
Visual Studio: default settings
Matlab on cmd (winxp)
Spring: No transaction manager has been configured
Panel Template Reuse in Drupal
Move Nice Menus to Just below the Title
cannot find xml path error
Why does the empty string not match as Seq.empty?
AJAX chat, auto scroll window
How do I write the qualified name of a symbol in Haskell?
Getting started with Oracle application development
Creating popup menu in Qt for QTableView
Objective C makes integer from pointer without a cast passing objects as args
linq to xml and ViewList problem
Conditional median in MS Excel
Read Anonymous Type from DataItem
Retrieve value of an xml element in Oracle PL SQL
Is scala.net production ready?
Why does Scala have very little Enthusiasm about it?
Customizing an AJAX AutoCompleteExtender with a checkbox
Oracle merge partition from procedure giving error
How to reuse dynamic columns in an Oracle SQL statement?
Strange Site Collection Accessor Exception
Filtering Sharepoint Lists on a "Now" or "Today"
Excel Comments - Max Length in 2003
SharePoint custom context menu in custom list appears on folders and not just files
The mac os tiger and About panel of Germany Version
How to add these object with name to the array by this order?
Apache mod_deflate based on url parameters
How do I achive the below using svn ?
STOMP and JSON
How to do conditional compilation in Haskell?
How do I fix this Visual Studio keyboard mapping problem?
Are there design patterns for writing SharePoint workflows that will be upgradable?
Subversion: Retract Accidental Checkin
List subversion repositories
Proper stsadm commands to upadate SharePoint Solution/Feature
How do you make a multi-module spring configuration ?
Should a Apache server extension be created or create a server from scratch?
asp.net(c#)  Create Excel Worksheet, do i need Excel installed on the server?
Using Cocoa to detect when a running application plays audio
Best practices for a single large SVN project.
Setting up the SharePoint+Silverlight Blueprint Colleague View Web Part
Implementing an Excel External Data source
How do you check for sanity in objective-c and cocoa?
Writing data back to SQL from Excel sheet
REF CURSOR versus TABLE function in Oracle
AJAX checkbox if statement
Ajax won't get past readyState 1, why?
How to XML configure Spring bean for constructor injection when bean has varargs constructor
Possible to include Mono Runtimes in OSX .app bundle?
Hibernate: update to sum from other table
Wordpress Custom Plug (how to call multiple javascript files)
Adding inputs with AJAX?
Why can't an Oracle XMLType be sent over a DBLink?
Run bash script as source without source command
Visual Studio and MySQL
What to look out for when moving from Visual Studio 2005 to 2008?
What supposed to be the signature of my extension-methods
How can you make your custom property of a webpart in SharePoint 2007, sort to the top of the property pane?
visual studio - remove custom control from designer window
Mergeing across branches in Subversion isn't adding all the new files. Why not?
Haskell streams with IO effects
What is the best way to implement syntax highlighting of source code in Cocoa?
ServerContext.Current is null
Apache rewrite rule
How do I order a Group result, in Linq?
i wan't to delete all bin and obj folders to force all projects to rebuild everything
What are the design patterns which used in Spring framework?
Create a custom worksheet function in Excel VBA
Why would a database trigger be invalid in an oracle DB?
How to create wordpress plugin - quote of the day - quote from external website
How to display a list of nodes and details of a single node in Drupal
Linq Select Compound From
How do you use Binary conversion in Python/Bash/AWK?
binding a function to call on ajax, irregardless of js framework
Configuring subdomains on an Apache Server
QTreeView stylesheet customization problem with scrollbar
LINQ to XML Newbie Question
Limiting a script from sending alerts
Hibernate polymorphism: instantiating the right class
Producing CCITT compressed TIFF from CGImage
Virtualhost For Wildcard Subdomain and Static Subdomain
Linq Question: Where on a Select
how to remove files and directory in a appointed path?
How to make Subversion (or any program) perform periodic commits?
Rewrite URL from http://example.com/blog/ to http://blog.example.com/
Ajax request and text/xml
How does one sum only those rows in excel not filtered out ?
Workflow that knows which fields were changed
format code from ide ( VS2008)
How do I add additional languages to the sla.r I use with my .dmg?
How to programatically add an object to a bound NSMutableArray?
Why does my QT4.5 app open a console window under Windows?
MOSS 2007 Server hanging problem - AppDomainUnloadListener.RegisterSelf() & PublishingHttpModule.Init()
Getting a list of running workflows?
Things to watch out for in moving from Oracle Express to the Real Deal?
Sharepoint webpart and overiding the css style
No CurrentSessionContext configured
Proper way to set ORACLE_HOME?
Different views with Spring's SimpleFormController
How do you use telnet to check a connection to Oracle?
What's the best way to draw a bunch of (~200) colored rectangles in Cocoa?
Getting notified when the current application changes in Cococa
Alternate posts in wordpress
How to permit update of a view's results in Oracle?
Jquery like selector in Haskell
Use SQL to Filter Drupal Views
Unable to make a tab completion file for MacPorts in Bash?
Syntax error : end of file unexpected (expecting "fi")
Basic AJAX example with ASP.NET MVC?
Can NSAlert Be Used to Create a Floating Window?
How can I easily see the output from a Template Haskell statement?
How do I get the highest currently used ID number in a table with LINQ?
In Visual Studio (2008), can I start up a website debug session as the web root?
is magento overkill for a one-man webshop?
Hibernate status
How to maintain scroll position after postback in web application created in visual studio 2003
Set User Setting at the Top right corner ( Drupal)
Problem with paging with Linq and DataTable
Avoiding in-place pointcut expression in Spring AOP
combining diffirent lists data and showing it in a webpart
Support for Long Running Operations using the MOSS Publishing Infrastructure
How do I connect to a remote svn server?
ORA-01654: unable to extend index
JPOX JDO and Castor JDO compared to Hibernate persistence
Change text cursor (caret) colour in Cocoa?
refactoring LINQ IQueryable expression to remove duplicated portions of queries
Linq: How to Assign to Related  Entities ?
What's the accepted way to implement export functionality in a document-based Cocoa app?
Show Editors for All Cells in Row in QTableView
Linq over DataTable  with .Skip() and .Take() method
c++ for loop vs foreach
Can Visual Studio be made to debug child processes like WinDBG?
Linq to Objects - Where search within a list
Codecharge Studio alternatives for mac
One executable that starts as gui application or console application based on command line in VS2005
Counta behavior in countifs
The || (or) Operator in Linq with C#
Wordpress filter to modify final html output
KVO and Bindings problems using my own (not the shared) NSUserDefaults object
Need good scheme/workflow for managing database objects using Subversion
hibernat sesson problem new
sharepoint search with variation site
Is there a tool for emailing Shelveset's and History items from within Visual Studio Team System?
How to deploy an assembly using the Team Definition in Sharepoint?
Create SQL Database and add to project using Visual Studio
cvs2svn fails with "xxx is not a valid ,v file"
How do I know which files in a directory arn't in my SVN repository?
Unable to have a tab completion of system variables without a backward flash
Why cannot this.type be used for new instances
Null value cannot be assigned - LINQ query question
Please confirm or correct my "English interpretation" of this Haskell code snippet
Apache and mod_rewrite: Redirect domain to subdirectory
What is the problem with not using Spring
Shift operators in PL/SQL
Best way to prevent changes on a branch with Subversion
Is there a way of auto-generating feature.xml files for sharepoint development?
Whats the "Browser File" in Visual studio 2008, and why we may need it?
Subversion: Generate a full diff from every checkin that includes username
Spring Connection Pooling
open firmware console on mac osX (intel)
Can I programaticaly replace one webpart with another in Sharepoint?
Streaming Data through Spring JDBC, unkown length
When did oracle start supporting "top": select top ? p2_.PRODUCT_ID from PRODUCT?
Error while loading FastCGI module in apache 2.2
Writing Database Blobs to SharePoint Document Libaray
Copying multiple worksheets simultaneously to preserve chart references
Run a php app using tomcat?
Sync SharePoint Sets with File System?
Is a seperate Visual Studio license required for a build machine?
A Gentler Introduction to Functional Programming
How to allow duplicate SKU in Magento
JQuery AJAX syntax
Maximum length of [NSXMLNode stringValue]
hibernate DAO desugin
Should the WebInfo file be excluded from SVN
How to modify Sharepoint filetype icons depending on parts of the filename?
svn changelists: how to limit operations to "default" changelist?
how to change default page for a site in Sharepoint using Team Definition?
Sharepoint development - Microsoft VPC vs. VMWare
import webpart to page layout in sharepoint
hibernate DAO
hibernate lazy initilization problem
help on version-control for legacy code.
Visual Studio (or resharper) variable and method coloring
Qt and context menu
hibernate Open Session in View
Which is more popular (currently, by recent install base) SVN or CVS?
Lazy evaluation of Oracle PL/SQL statements in SELECT clauses of SQL queries
VB.Net Linq - How to append a where clause?
Apache rewrite certain urls to seperate part of codebase
What References Does Visual Studio Add When I Accidentally Click Add New Winform?
What does the subversion error "Could not read status line" mean?
Visual Studio 2008 - Customise right click menu
Efficient Alternative to Outer Join
How do I get rid of the dots!
Core Animation... cyclic animations?
hibernate lazy solution. Is it right??
Using LINQ Expression Instead of NHIbernate.Criterion
insert 2 table in single query in linq
How is skill building for Sharepoint different from ASP.NET?
Remove all .pyc files from a project
ORA-08177: can't serialize access for this transaction
Testing own OS X framework
Excel Interop Formatting Issues
User Experiences for  Visual Studio 2008 extensions for SharePoint v1.3 CTP
Running MasterPages from the Layouts directory
Oracle PL/SQL: Loop Over Trigger Columns Dynamically
Multiple web application deployment targets in Visual Studio 2008?
How to keep Excel interop from stealing focus while inserting images
NSRequest - encode url for NSRequest POST Body (iPhone objectiive-C)
JPA Hibernate One-to-One relationship
Automatically sorting on insert in QTreeWidget
Cocoa : How to make a control invisible?
LINQ and dbml file
Setting a charset symbol in dylib
Best Visual Studio 2008 Debugging Tutorial?
How to ensure AJAX encoding will work
regular expression grabbing X amount of values out in linux bash
Spring Integration: Hooking web services to a FIFO queue
Why does the dialog I created in Leopard look terrible in Tiger?
Creating a sublist based on a second column in excel
Get Max Date Using CAML Query From alist
Apache rewrite rules redux
Unable to load the Excel 2003 Add-in
Running a command with every svn commit
Using reflection to address a Linqed property
Using SVNSERVE to host Subversion server, configuration files, etc.
Unable to forward search Bash history similarly as with CTRL-r
How to programatically add a tracepoint for Visual Studio?
How to get linq to produce exactly the sql I want?
Is GHC able to tail-call optimize IO actions?
What's event that Visual Studio 2008 do after post build event?
Unable to cast object of type 'System.Data.Linq.DataQuery`1[System.Int32]' to type 'System.IConvertible'.
Is there a way to make drawText() update a QPicture's bounding rect?
Best practice with SharePoint feature deactivation
Force an IQueryable to execute?
How do you guard for Null Reference exceptions in Linq To Xml?
Browser compatibility between IE6 and IE7
Wordpress Update through email
Adding fields to the List Forms - Sharepoint
How to resize a matrix in matlab
Unable to understand a line in .bashrc
Get the entity previous  version in Hibernate Envers
how do i add a view to schema.xml in sharepoint
Use Oracle 6 from ASP.NET application
Linq-to-entities - Include() method not loading
How can I define multiple sessionfactory instances in Spring?
Does an ORM integrate with existing applications or do I not understand?
Where is Visual Studio COM project template?
Using subversion for web applications
Discrepancies between â€œMockâ€ Database and â€œRealâ€ database behaviours.
Haskell Cons Operator (:)
Default Arguments in Matlab
Why doesn't ORACLE allow consecutive newline characters in commands?
What is the difference between Linq and IQueriable
Map a list of strings with JPA/Hibernate annotations
AJAX progress bar dispaying loading progress percentage for page load
Icon of project in Visual Studio
function handle in MATLAB
VSTemplate with build action
Drupal 6 Views: Constraining fields which are not the "primary" node
Visual studio or resharper shortcut to close currently selected file in IDE
Apache Response Time
sharepoint workflow
How to create an Oracle sequence starting with max value from a table?
NSLog on Mac OSX/iPhone, usage of the '#' key?
Is a good idea to put all projects in the same trunk?
Getting the absolute path of a command-line app on OS X
Using Mercurial Locally Only with Subversion Server
View Reduction Steps in Haskell
Unable to have TTY switch for Ctrl-Alt F1 and Alt-F1...F6 in Mac
How do I stop the linq designer overwriting my manual changes?
How can I program Excel to Work with Outlook?
AJAX (prototype/php) getting partial status updates during script execution
Sharepoint - Providing data outisde intranet
Make linq subquery
Disjoint Union in LINQ
Oracle Ref Cursor Vs Select into with Exception handling
Sharepoint List redirect with new id
Removing .htaccess Authentication Restrictions
How to maintain slightly different software?
Linq sub list Problem
How to combine Where clause and group by in LINQ
SharePoint Integration for Single-sign On
.NET 2.0 Setup Project in Visual Studio 2008
Unable to enable jquery UI module in drupal??
What is the limit of source repositories in Visual Source Safe 2005
linq to xml - get rid of blank xmlns
bash completion for certain types of files in a special directory
Beginner Qt signals and slots question
Cannot get started with mod_rewrite
How to test an AJAX application that is pulling data from a live website?
How to get Visual Studio's designer to render CSS correctly in an ASP.NET Web User Control?
Calling Visual Studio 2005 external tool without changing focus
AJAX (prototype/php) running 2 ajax process hangs until first one is finished
Learning Scala or Haskell
Where to start with FastCGI and C++
Mac os X : load average
SVN: Colleague checked in a folder into repository, but I can't Update my version to it
Excel chart component recommendations
Optimization settings in VS
SVN Maintenance
Should I add compiled DLLs to my subversion repository?
If using LINQ to SQL is there any good reason to learn SQL queries/syntax anymore?
Add Solution Folder for VS 2008?
Subversion cross-file keyword substitution
Fully parenthesizer for Haskell
Using LINQ to SQL and chained Replace
Override visual syntax highlighting through a plug-in?
mod_rewrite or mod_alias ?
Delete a Web that doesn't exist.
AJAX cross site scripting between own domains
"svnlook changed" encoding
SQL SELECT: combining and grouping data between three tables using subqueries
Creating a jar file from a scala File
MyEclipse HIBERNATE Does NOT Order Property Sets by ID?
Linq to XML - way to write binary Data into XML
How can I inhibit warning 2400 in Visual Studio 2005?
How to update a field of type spFieldUserValue from SharePoint web services
Basic apache server, mapping 127.0.0.1, to 10.0.0.7:8000
How mainstream is LINQ?
Foreach in Linq
Getting a CGImageRef from IKImageBrowserView
Haskell or Standard ML for beginners?
hibernate result ordering
Update Files in Sharepoint Document Library
Does "Select New" in linq trigger an evaluation / load?
scalar subquery in if statement Condition in PL/SQL
Adding Ribbon support to Excel COM Addin
Ajax form validation
load the result of an egrep inside a editor (vim/emacs/gedit)
Including Sharepoint /pages/ in Import/Export
How to determine Collection changes in a Hibernate PostUpdateEventListener?
How Granular are your SVN "projects": one big project containing several releated apps or one "project' per app
Is there any good free tool for the mac, to draw UML and object diagrams?
Is there a Windows equivalent of EDQUOT?
MaxValue Partition Name
In svn, can I revert a change and shelve it for later?
What's the simplest way to count the number of requests to /foo/ that Apache has served?
Apache shutting down unexpectedly
subversion
How to fix the HTML Intellisense in ASP.NET AJAX Controls or Pages
Can I add object field to SPItem, to attach some kind of object to item?
In Qt how do I get a button press to set a spinbox to a certain value?
Find string in httpxml.responseText
Haskell: looking up the second value of a tuple in a list based on the first value
Disable NSToolbar customisation via window's toolbar button?
How to get the file size given a path?
LSUIElement application that starts a window with an application menu?
QT: creating an "svg image button"
list directories containinf more than 1 file
How to make part of an NSSlider stop at tick marks?
Reverse Ajax without Comet?
Is there an open-source SQL database that has the concept of Oracle's "rowid" pseudo-column?
oracle9i querries
Are there any Ajax(Prototype or JQuery Plugin) sample for stackoverflow-like voting?
How do you change the look of a check box?
Need help to solve Window Opening Problem.
Preferences Window Problem (Once Open And Closed, Will Not Open Again)
Setting color when drawing into a NSImage
How do you test an asynchronous method?
Abstract Types / Type Parameters in Scala
Is it possible to set-up a personal SVN Remote Repository which can be accessed through the Internet?
include externals in subversion diff
What should I replace this code with?
Linq to Sql - return selected specified columns
LINQ Refactoring
Open Source client for Oracle?
Concurrent sum
How can you automaticly insert a namespace for a Visual Studios snippet?
Risk of using Apache mod_proxy
Linq Query with SUM and ORDER BY
Are there reasons to use Visual Studio 2005 when 2008 is available?
Is it possible to use Cocoa's Bindings to have an editable NSTableView hooked up to an NSMutableArray?
New project or bransh?
Create a WPF library in Visual Studio Express
How do you set a title so that every row in a table has the title already typed in when you add a new row?
How to create a hibernate idbag with a collection-id that has a default value?
BASH: Possible to abort shell script if any command returns a non-zero value?
I have finished C. Should I learn Matlab next?
What's the difference in the Visual Studio integration tools for QT?
How to maintain separate svn repositories for the same project?
What's the best way to examine apache's access.log files?
WHy can't I correctly parse this date string with NSDateFormatter?
Is it possible to set a module's checkbox to "readonly"?
Cocoa -/+ declarations
Haskell: Printing out the contents of a list of tuples
How do I create a linq query that gets everything but a specific value
how can i move the cursor in insert mode in viemu (w/o using the arrow keys)?
How do you make a Menu Bar Item display how many rows there are in a table?
Programatically get/set Mac OSX default system keyboard shortcut
filter people picker
Upgrading to VS 2008 Professional from Web Developer Edition
User Profile Import - more than on Search Base
Filterable SPFIeldUrl in default view.
LINQ: what is the type of a result?
How to get next active item in a list with linq.
What applications do i need to download to start developing apps using spring framework?
Is there a way to peek inside of another Oracle session?
Oracle Date formatting "2009-02-13T11:46:40+00:00"
Custom SharePoint List View - can I put it in a feature (WSP)?
Flowcharting tool/add-in for Visual Studio
Correct way of integrating SVN source control and Visual Studio .NET 2005/2008?
How do I create image roll over nav buttons in Wordpress
Problem with textbox inside updatepanel - not causing OnTextChanged event
How to use svn with emacs (psvn can't create tunnel)
SharePoint Solution Package Deploy Random Failures
interoperation between mercurial and subversion
How can I estimate the size of an Oracle index?
What's a good hex editor/viewer for the Mac?
What is causing my custom ContentType feature to throw a "Value does not fall within the expected range" error?
Typecast each object in an array on a single line of code, using LINQ
Is there a Visual Studio plugin that spellchecks strings and comments?
How can I grab a section of a logfile between 2 timestamps?
Can 2 or more equations defining a function in Haskell share the same where / let block?
How do I install nano-hmac on Mac OS X?
Default logon-Domain for Sharepoint
Workflow with user selecting Destination doc library
Why does Spring's @Configurable sometimes work and sometimes not?
How to performance tune when you have heavy concurrency on an Oracle table
What are Microsoft's public symbol servers useful for?
SharePoint 2007 Calendar - Remove Time
How accurate is Oracle's EXPLAIN PLAN?
Haskell: Writing text files and parsing them back to original format
Control size of report Using Report Viewer for SSRS in WSS
Oracle Trigger Permissions
Resources for learning LINQ?
Merge Excel Files Into One
How to enter long SQL text sample data with Visual Studio?
what are  current_user_can () function parameters ?
Is there any way to perform pre-/post-switch commands using TortoiseSVN?
how to create a stored procedure in oracle which accepts array of parameters
Cool SVN command tips and tricks and diff between files on the hard disk using SVN command
Spring WS calling .net web services
Turning a matlab binary matrix into a vector of the last nonzero index in a fast, vectorized fashion
Linq for NHibernate and fetch mode of eager loading
Import Date Format mmddyyyy
Why is there a discrepancy between ActiveRecord SQL and PL/SQL Developer SQL?
DataContext.CreateDatabase Attribute problem
Animation with QTimeline
Connecting to Oracle with 32 bit apps running on Vista 64 bit
Are merges in subversion more difficult than in Team Foundation System?
Sub Query Where X in (from... ?
provide assembly with full trust in sharepoint by custom policy level not working
Send An Action Cocoa - IBAction
Apache <LocationMatch> regEx field
Logging of development email
How do I determine which service pack Visual Studio is running?
Trouble stopping Tomcat due to apparent threading issue..
hibernate versioning issuing update statment for no reason
Rename Oracle Table or View
How do you implement the Method makeKeyAndOrderFront: ?
Change the language of a website in Sharepoint 2007?
Why is App window only opening once and then not opening again?
How to do a full text search in Cocoa?
Ways to deal with arbitrarily large sets of an arbitrary number of items in Excel
Drupal: How to show specific view in a particular block
Executing commands containing space in bash
Drupal Themes
Accessing List Images
Finding the days of the week within a date range using oracle SQL
.htaccess and seo-friendly urls
"Go To Definition" in Visual Studio only brings up the Metadata
htaccess file restriction
mac osx speech to text api How-to?
Cannot Display Image from List
Apache mod rewrite simple redirect
development on SharePoint v.s. development on Lotus Connections
SVN Error: Expected fs format between '1' and '3'; found format '4'
Is there an easy way to customize a QProgressBar?
WTFs of Sharepoint 2007, what we need to know ?
AJAX Enabled WebApplication
Excel: How can I display the data from several sheets in one?
qt trouble overriding paintEvent
svn externals not working
Generic-like behavior in PL/SQL procedure parameters
Oracle can I use scalar functions in WHERE Clause? or a NULL issue
How to use environment variable inside a quoted string in BASH script
Static methods vs repository pattern with Linq2Sql
How can I set the application information on a session using the Oracle thin JDBC driver?
.NET Sharepoint Create Directory
Oracle, calling PL/SQL issues from within SQL-Plus file x.sql says my_function "may not be a function"
Visual Studio - Can I export templates via command line?
Hibernate one to zero or one mapping
Querying for svn revision suddenly seems slow (since svn 1.5 maybe?)
Like to store all command-line arguments to a bash script into a single variable
How do you combine filter conditions
Finding an approximate local maximas with noisy data in Matlab
How to get the token type from a CFStringTokenizer in Cocoa?
Why don't browsers let you open a regular connection instead of Ajax or Comet?
printing document path with SSI
How to make SO tags autocomplete with Ajax
problem when retrieve data from hibernate many to many relationship
Cocoa NSView changing autosizing properties
if i have Windows, Mac, and Linux, what is the easiest way to set up SVN server?
Initialize NSMutableArray: [NSMutableArray array];
qt signals & inheritance question
How do I create two mutual producer/consumers with internal state in Haskell?
How do I dynamically create an Expression<Func<MyClass, bool>> predicate?
What is the most convenient way to stop an Ajax-object in prototype from swallowing exceptions?
Multiple matrices in matlab without recursion
What in the best exel book for non-programmers?
How do i find my computer's ip address using the bash shell?
How modern is C++ language used in Qt?
Problem calling ASP.NET AJAX WebServiceProxy.invoke() Javascript method
Tricky brace expansion in shell
how do i change hibernate logging level
QT: having problems responding on QWebView::linkClicked(QUrl) - slot signal issue
How to fill-up cells within a Excel worksheet from a VBA function?
How to inject MessageSource to a View extending AbstractView
Rewrite rule-- If incoming request is not consist of certain characters then rewrite to other URL
How to convert Excel sheet column names into numbers?
How can I use JavaScript within an Excel macro?
Override SPList.WriteSecurity behaviour?
LINQ - dynamic WHERE clause?
What does the "ONET" in ONET.xml stand for?
sharepoint development
Linq newbie question
LINQ to SQL, Stored Procedures and the Methods Pane
any way to check in a file or add a file to SVN repository without a SVN client?
how do i create a map with a type parameter of class
svn merge with revision not doing what I expect
How do I get the "Publish Website" command to emit PDB files for my Visual Studio 2005 Web Site project?
NSTextView not refreshed properly on scrolling
Finging the upper left corner in a Quartz plugin
AJAX support in smart phones
Property declaration for to-many fields in Core Data
i can do http://bookroom and smb://bookroom... to test my local site or use shared resources.  anything i don't know yet?
How to migrate from SVN to Mercurial on windows
Visual Studio or Eclipse - which one is better for Qt on Windows?
Handling and syncing own custom version of an open source library with SVN
How can I append text to /etc/apt/sources.list from the command line?
Use an object after it has been released?
Can someone explain these errors to me?
Why does this first Haskell function FAIL to handle infinite lists, while this second snippet SUCCEEDS with infinite lists?
How to disable the up/down buttons within the QDoubleSpinBox
what is the best way to back up an SVN server for all the code and content?
How would you add a Group Feature like iChat's to your Core Data App?
Stop Visual Studio from Closing Program After Finish
Oracle triggers error are not captured while using ADODB
Get data from custom app into EXcel
How will adding DataSources to DatdGrids in my development version of an ASP.NET web application affect deployment?
Delegate methods of NSTextField using NSNotification
What are stackable modifications?
how can I find out why a custom widget isn't showing up in the Qt Designer?
What is the shorcut in visual studio to switch from code behind to Xaml Code ?
Visual Studio 2008 Help slow to load... How come?
Linq to SQL - how to dynamically filter by columns not in select
How to connect a Windows client to an OSX Server with AFP
Sharepoint Blog: lost join between categories and post when convert WebPart to XSLT
How can I remove missing files with spaces in svn?
How do I convert Cocoa co-ords from top left == origin to bottom left == origin
Reopen last closed tab in visual studio
table alias in linq edmx
How can I determine who locked a file using SVN
Table Join Efficiency Question
SQL to search objects, including stored procedures, in Oracle.
How can my app detect a change to another app's window?
Multiple mice on OS X
Nesting Apache Tiles Template
Creating tables for copy from Word to Excel
Linq dynamic select casting issue
VS 2005 Toolbox Messed Up
How to valid that some template does *not* compile for given argument types?
What is the best way to format a string in Scala?
Oracle/SQL: Why does query "SELECT * FROM records WHERE rownum >= 5 AND rownum <= 10" - return zero rows
Spring and Stripes Security Design
Is it possible to create a UITabBarController whose tabbar items have text labels only (no icons)
visual studio 2008 - is hand coding ~80% of the time too much?
Getting started with Visual Studio 2008 plug-in / add-in development
Spring MVC isFormSubmission() equivalent for annotations?
LINQ datacontext lifetime managment for web application
How should SharePoint Visual Studio projects that share each other's code be managed?
Why sometimes when I paste a command on my bash prompt it gets executed?
Is the Zen theme for Drupal enterprise ready?
QT QImage pixel manipulation problems
Is there any way to throttle the network bandwidth that an svn checkout does?
Can I create a custom web-level site definition for use in a Publishing Portal site collection?
Experiences developing offline solutions for SharePoint with InfoPath?
com.apple.Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X
How can an Excel Add-In respond to events in any worksheet?
WebPart Connections on Sharepoint. - Which Type to use?
Can't delete recycling bin when code from svn is in it
Detecting Installed Excel Version (and Service Packs)
How can I target CSS to a particular sharepoint Page Layout file?
Prevent Oracle minus statement from removing duplicates
OnQuickLaunch is ignored
Visual Studio: Stop copying DLL files during build without my permission!
Customizing SharePoint's NewForm.aspx, or creating my own form... thoughts?
How to use Linq to group every N number of rows
Using Semicolons in Oracle SQL Statements
Understanding the results of Execute Explain Plan in Oracle SQL Developer
SharePoint file size limit
What's the cheapest way to get a Visual Studio 2008 Standard Edition license?
Cocoa Foundation Kit question - NSDecimalNumberBy...:withBehavior:
Updating the image of a NSStatusItem
SharePoint setup best practices with ISA
how to delete entry in content database while delete list item
how can I have more than a UI for a QMainWindow?
Obtaining an object state
IE hungs when more than 4 async requests are triggered with xmlhttprequest object
But I still need to know how to show user e-mail in Drupal 5.x profile (nodeprofile)?
Putting values in error.getModel in onBindAndValidate
How to find the other point of a Unix domain socket on Mac OS X to write/read it?
Subversion: prevent local modifications to one file from being committed?
Is it possible to return IEnumerable of anonymous objects from DataContext.ExecuteQuery?
matlab Bucketing Algorithm Help
Cross-Platform Objective-C / C++ Development
What is the correct directory layout for a web server under Mac OS X?
How to determine where a number is printing from in matlab?
Excel triggered macro
Under what circumstances would [[NSScreen mainScreen] visibleFrame] return null?
Excel/VBA to check if a row exists
How to display a list of wordpress authors in a dropdown, with a link to the author template?
Best solution for Java web based forms connected to Oracle plus JNI?
what would I have to do to get the new HTML Editor ajax control to work as a sharepoint content editor webpart?
Spring- How to use Springs Dependancy Injection to write a Standalone Java Applicaiton
Oracle - How to grant to a user the rights to another user's objects
Sharepoint OnWorkflowItemChanged before/after properties lists
Call another program's functions?
How to use environment variables within Visual Studio 2008 project properties?
The AJAX response: Data (JSON, XML) or HTML snippet?
svn - Remote, Disconnected Working
describe query with oracle (.Net Connector)
Preserve ls colouring after grep'ing
QAbstractItemModel.parent(), why?
Unable to open the Web site: http://.. Forbidden
Best way to reference an external library in multiple projects in a Visual Studio solution
Trac vs FogBugz
How do I find the pixel position of a character in an NSTextView?
Prevent Visual Studio from trying to load symbols for a particular DLL
Does my script has to update the svn server?
Why ssh fails from crontab but succedes when executed from a command line?
Read input from a cocoa/foundation tool console?
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges creating JMS connection to Oracle topic
Has anyone successfully migrated from VSS 2005 to SVN?
AJAX load of a rendered PNG not working
Need VB to make Excel calculate a sheet or range in realtime and in the background
Why are Haskell algebraic data types "closed"?
How do I create a nice -description method that nests recusively like NSArray
Create drag-drop graphic when installing OS X application from dmg
Why have "while(1);" in XmlHttpRequest response?
Is this a correct way of writing the Haskell foldr function?
LINQ performance - deferred v/s immediate execution
Arabic Digits in Wordpress
How to get unique First Letter of names and count of names starting with that letter from SQL Server using LINQ?
Is Qt Visual Vtudio add-in a subset of Qt Visual Vtudio integration?
RA-AJAX download anywhere?
How to automatically  sort SPListItems based on a field
Bash. Test for a variable unset, using a function
Change current directory from a script
Asp.net Ajax , Hangs Somtimes
How do I alter request parameters before posting XHR action in Ruby On Rails?
Cocoa why do I have to retain and release a function parameter?
How to update SharePoint Content Type?
Is Spring ever going to combine MVC and WebFlow?
bash: redirect and append both stdout and stderr
Problem setting up SVN & WebDAV in Ubuntu
Should Qt target the HyperSpace?
different using @Transactional and spring template ?
How do I get the Mac OS X 'quick look' feature to be more programmer-friendly?
Is there a way to know the URL of the SVN server?
What's the most abused features in Visual Studio / C#?
Apache Ignores SSLRequire Directive
SharePoint exception documentation
TransactionTimeout with Oracle 11g
when using @transactional do i need to use jpatemplate/hibernatetemplate ?
What am I doing wrong with the styling in this sharepoint masterpage?
Using mod_rails to host multiple apps under SSL, same domain
Haskell: Creating Type Classes for Zippers
Best way to get post info into variables without displaying them in Wordpress
Removing irrelevent directories with SVN
Moving a MAC font to a PC - How?
How can i check out just the trunks of multiple projects from the same repository.
Oracle/PLSQL performance
Can Visual Studio 2010 Beta be installed side by side with VS2008?
QTCreator's integrated form editor won't load custom widget plugins (Designer does)
What are the Valid values of the searchboxex AppQueryTerms enum?
bash check if user mount fails
linq orderbyAscending?
What happens if I forget to mark the Spring SessionStatus as "Complete"?
Count struct properties in MATLAB
Linq Error
Apple Event Handler Failure (Python/AppScript)
$.ajax() methods data
Comparing Strings in Cocoa
Problem connecting to Oracle database via ASP.NET page under IIS
Hiding a SharePoint Custom Field Type in Edit and Create mode
What have all the AJAX frameworks to do with AJAX?
on which os should i try the vs2010 beta1? which emulator is faster?
Problem with Visual Studio 2010 with WIndows 7 RC1
Can I write to the Test Results window "Error Message" field without failing a test?
How can Oracle User Profiles be put to practical use?
Tool for importing Excel spreadsheets
Way to see assigned visual studio shortcuts with given prefix
Apple documentation a bit lite?  tips?
Subversion - how to move some changesets from trunk to a branch?
Taking /Pages out of the SharePoint URL?
Easy Way to Find Images Used in a Wordpress Post?
Subversion Tagging and Security
Wordpress blog + Google AdSense
Unable to debug web service project in Visual Studio 2008
Nginx (as front end to Apache) to serve WP Super Cache static files
Data Logging with Oracle (or any RDBMS)
Linq Stored Procedure Issue
Using command as ctrl in a Mac OS X terminal
Narrowing problem with Spring MVC annotation-based controller and @RequestMapping
How to Re-Order Evaluation of this Linq Scenario
Does visual studio is only used for programing ?
What is .net framework ?
Performance of Oracle's dbms_crypto.hash function for SHA-1
What is the linq query that would replace my two foreach
Strange CSS/Apache problem
How can I chop down a transaction in Spring with JPA?
WordPress plugin: finding the <!--more--> in the_content
How do I change the indenting for Excel's XML Data Export?
Issus deleting a site collection
Getting Apache to execute command on every page view
Detached Objects in Jdo/Hibernate - What are they for anyway?
How could I use the QColorDialog widget inside another widget not as a separate dialog?
Which are the best forums about Sharepoint 2007?
Why would Spring's HibernateTemplate's loadAll() method generate updates for each row?
Coming from the Windows World..how are applications installed in OSX?
Registration for Cocoa shareware
Oracle query to get Data from table inserted in last 10 mins.
Sharepoint Navigation URL in All Capital Letters
User-friendly approach for network streaming, playing and seeking of audio in Mac OS X
springdoclet usage?
Excel error HRESULT: 0x800A03EC while trying to get range with cell's name
Mapping over sublists in scala
Convert SQL Query back to Linq Expression programmatically
Oracle stored procedure OUT parameters
oracle subselect with dynamic table and column
How should SharePoint developers work with the graphics designer on their projects?
Protect Plesk login page from search engine eyes
Too many columns in a single database table?
How do I extract the angle of rotation from a QTransform?
Ajax problems in IE/Firefox
Qt & double buffering - are there any neat tricks to capture pixels or manipulate the back buffer?
If you use https will your url params will be safe from sniffing?
Switch from SVN to GIT for C# developments?
understanding JasperReports and JRBeanCollectionDataSource...
Excel Number Format: What is "[$-409]" ?
Custom field type derived from SPFieldCalculated
how do I set default permissions when copying a file from Windows -> OSX
Is there an easy way to convert HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE to Oracle NLS_LANG settings?
Magento API: Assigning preexisting simple products to configurable products
How do I project to a dictionary with a custom type using Linq to SQL?
Archive log transfer from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g
Extracting time zone from Oracle JDBC TIMEZONETZ object
Decrease Qt GUI application size
How mature is PHP:SVN
How to configure svn in local server/LAN server
Create editable new rows to a table
sharepoint  - deploy web service without creating a virtual directory
Process XML returned via Ajax with E4X?
Ajax deep linking?
Oracle External Tables: Advanced Flat File Layout
Hibernate calls flush on find- causes not-null error
query long raw data type
How to pipe a command result to a -<character><argument> option? (Without spaces)
How can I really get Subversion to ignore a directory?
Erase Safari cookies from Terminal
Cocoa - Prevent caching of Javascript in WebKit - Safari Beta 4 bug?
How do I tell NSTableView not to resize all other columns when showing/hiding a column?
How to color Text in Popup menu of NSComboBox?
Ajax page part load and Google.
Elegant ways to handle database views on hibernate entities?
How do I override NSError presentation when bindings is involved?
SVN Server running on Windows Vista in a Home Network, Accessing from Mac OS X
How to kill a process in MacOS?
List sorting and ordering problem...
How did the Cocoa Framework got its name?
Return Enumerable value from Class in linq?
Spring + Hibernate Dynamic Mapping
How to show long numbers in excell ?
Where is a good guide for Drupal themeing?
Hibernate: Delete where record field < getdate()
SharePoint forms authentication sites
The prefix "security" for element "security:http" is not bound
What Subversion distributions are suitable for an enterprise
Getting Oracle client to work on Windows 7 RC
Visual Studio 2008 Source Control Explorer with Subversion
How to verify correct operation of Hibernate second level caching in a cluster?
QGraphicsItem : emulating an item origin which is not the top left corner
[self release], [self dealloc] or [super dealloc] in init methods?
memory management problem in mexFunction
Could someone explain these Haskell functions to me?
How do I call a method that is in the webpart class file, from a usercontrol in SharePoint 2007?
if .bash_profile usually source .bashrc any way, why not just use .bashrc ?
Need help converting apache .htaccess code to lighttpd url_rewrite code
Opening links but not iFrames in webview
Advanced search with Drupal (Views and CCK)
More elegant SQL?
Linq update record
Int list returned by LINQ query
NSTableView with custom cells
How to import code to Subversion?
Speed test Linq2SQL v Entiry Framework
Instantiating Oracle Driver results in InvocationTargetException
Are there any other classes like SPBuiltInFieldId and SPBuiltInContentTypeId?
how to retrive data from MySQL using javascript
Argument Checking Problem in Bash Script
Help optimize an Oracle query?
Is there any way to declare final fields for Hibernate-managed objects?
Is it normal for "rsyslogd" to cost 170M memory?
SVN "PROPFIND request failed on..."
Monitoring which statement updates (and when) a certain table row with Oracle 10
SVN Weirdness: Is It Possible It's Not My Fault
Workarounds for Hibernate's lack of delete-orphan support for one-to-one and many-to-one relationships?
How to change the theme of Person.aspx in SharePoint My Sites
Logging all cocoa events?
How to display unarchived custom NSView objects
Stress testing a server and VPS's vs. Dedicated servers
Integrating Search Server 2008 Express with WSS 3.0
Bash shell for Windows?
Multiple Oracle Clients
Why am I getting these Errors in the Console when Debugging in XCode?
I need to add a choice field to sharepoint that has values depending on the current selection.
Apache httpd cluster logging
Getting unique result in Hibernate
How does LINQ implement the SingleOrDefault() method?
CAML cannot reference Custom Properties in custom fields.
LinqDataSource and DateTime Format
Qt: Printing pageRect and paperRect issues
oracle insert with many bind variables over WAN is very slow
Using @Table with schema name in Hibernate 3.3.1ga and HSQLDB
Testing SQL query on Oracle which includes a remote database
Reducing WAV sound file size, without loosing quality
How do you link 2 web parts on a SharePoint Page?
Why do all the Checkbox's in my Outline View check when only one is clicked?
How should I Fix "svn: Inconsistent line ending style"?
Easy way to make a UILabel cover and exactly match contents of a UITextField?
LazyInitializationException with session scoped bean
Can MacOS be run in a VMWare type environment?
QtAbstractAdaptor vs. QtAbstractInterface
What does single appostrophe mean in Scala?
Split string based on delimiter in bash?
I'm working with the Entity Framework and I'm having a problem:
How would you make a Checkbox Cell only display on a Certain Entitys Rows in An Outline View?
Oracle Associative Array TYPE is not able to use in USING statement (If  TYPE is declared within Package)
Timespan to string problem in LINQ query
LINQ ERROR : Explicit construction of entity type
Error 1325.â€žSharePointDataâ€ is not a valid short file name during Sharepoint uninstalling
Guidance on creating non conflicting workflows
Bash condition of the form - [ -n "${VAR:-x}" ] gets evaluated even though VAR is set
Left outer join fetch doesn't fill map collection properly (HQL)
In SharePoint 2007, how can I include some common items in a list, and some unique ones for each instance of the list?
Java Class file from SVN to Tomcat on server: How to compile automatically?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using Oracle Auto Segment Space Management?
Is it recommended practice to use uniform extent sizes in Oracle tablespaces?
How to program using cat
Ajax.request throws a syntax error, but returns the correct value
Is there something like too much AJAX ? How do you handle screen resizing due to AJAX ?
What's the best way to add a composite property for binding to an existing class
using RewriteCond, can i change how fast content is served to users in different parts of the world?
How to turn off optimization (-02) for apache modules built with APXS
Tips to sync up webapps and svn?
When you show and hide a div, will it re-adjust surrounding elements automagically?
VSeWSS Administrator Privileges and <SafeControl> entry
Which is the command to query a Subversion repository for all files checked out to a specific user?
Oracle: Calling multiple procedures in a batch
How do you test that a Range in Excel has cells in it?
Bindable LINQ (BLinq) in VB.NET
Is there any opengl example so that I can run on MacOS?
Using jQuery to grab the content from CKEditor's iframe
<security:custom-authentication-provider /> means?
ORA-4030 Oracle : How to resolve
PWM/clock signal generation from a USB-1024HLS DAQ board
how to attach an event receiver to a custom list in sharepoint?
How do I enable svn commands from any directory?
How to fetch hibernate query result as associative array of list or hashmap
what is the correct way to determine that an AJAX call is successful?
How to plot a nonlinear system of 3 equations with 3 symbolic variables in matlab?
Drupal/Ubercart ... node styling?
Optimizing SELECT Query on Oracle 10 Dense Unique Index
sharepoint logging/trace
Qt conflicting with GLee
Grouping commited files together (as a single commit) after you've already committed them to the repository in Svn?
Parsing an Excel file in C#, the cells seem to get cut off at 255 characters... how do I stop that?
Sharepoint features, custom aspx pages at various site levels
How to format a matrix for saving
Why does authorization fail when I commit to svn using VisualSVN?
Writing a pre-commit hook using SharpSvn. Does it lack svnlook propget?
Is there a way to determine if a top level Qt window has been moved?
Mixing Single and Double Quotations in Bash
LINQ Newbie: Moving Nodes
SVN checkout the contents of a folder, not the folder itself
Creating object named after the value of an NSString - is it possible?
NSPopUpButtonCell inside custom cell does not pop up when clicked.
LINQ Object Persistance
best way to start learning Cococa in iPhone or OSX, espeicaly getting the big picture
When does Linq's Take, take the results?
Source Unavailable under a OpenSource license
Dummy blog entries for Wordpress theme development
Postback or Callback?
MS MVC form AJAXifying techniques
Can the same files be committed to 2 SVN repositories?
How can i debug this ajax script for IE?
SVN Checkout of drupal to another site
Sharepoint User Favorite Documents
Excel hangs when printing the first time from ASP.NET webservice
Rar command - ignore certain folders
Default HTML style for controls
Branching Strategies (in Subversion) for Multiple Products from One Codebase
Return value of nth or last match
Haskell: can't use "map putStrLn" ?
Sharepoint as a high volume information system
Drupal node_save no longer returns $nid, so how do I get it?
Multiple Pivot Charts SetSourceData Error
Unique hardware ID in MacOSX
Linq to SQL Performance using contains.
SVN folder to new repository root
Howto: enable anonymous surveys in sharepoint
How to do internal svn:externals
How to check existence of a program in the path
indexing data in Hibernate Search
How do I get a web part to refresh in IE?
Looking to start SharePoint alert after a field change in InfoPath Form
run a same haskell application take diff time
NSImage to Base64
how to use foreach in linq
Disable Apache 503 response when Tomcat is down
Where is user specified data being stored on MacOS
Read only "N" bytes from a file in Cocoa
OS X Keychain's Password Assistant feature via Terminal
Why does "anonymous" need read access in authz in order for TortoiseSVN to do a diff or log?
Hibernate - Selecting across multiple joins with collections
How can I store my Rewrite Rules in a database?
Using NSProxy and forwardInvocation:
Confusing Subversion Status !M
How to get Oracle create table statement in SQL*Plus
relations in oracle objects?
Is there a way in Linq to apply different calculations based on different conditions
Hiding some user profiles temporary from search
Parse the HTTP_COOKIES string from Apache for use in #if clause
Does NSString stringWithCString: length: retain the byte array I pass in?
Using @Autowired of spring with scala
WebPart in a root site includes a listview which tries to show the content of subsite lists
How remove empty element from string array in one line?
SPSiteDataQuery problem with Eq on Number fields
How to I authenticate with a ISA proxy from my application seemlessly?
How to check if Qt GUI application is already running (in Linux)?
When to use Ajax vs Json for Javascript events?
Sharepoint Lists.asmx: The request failed with an empty response.
MATLAB "bug" (or really weird behavior)
Fetching an image and associated metadata with an AJAX request
Logging in as another user in sharepoint
How to migrate svn to another repository
Haskell: difference between . (dot) and $ (dollar sign)
Oracle optimizing query involving date calculation
Seralization in WCF/C#/VS-2008/Linq
How to clear the console in Matlab
What is the optimal configuration for serving multiple projects with Subversion ?
Putting together a big stiffness matrix from several small ones
How do I deselect all cells in an NSBrowser
Hibernate/JPA - annotating bean methods vs fields
How to get the process ID of the current Excel, throught VBA, without relying on finding the window by the caption?
Use an XML File with a Feature
C# LINQ: Sequence Contains No Elements Error (but I want to check for null!!!)
Error handling in Haskell with Either monad
Apache mod-proxy load balancer maintenance
LINQ group by more than one group
converting an Excel (xls) file to a comma separated (csv) file without the GUI
Changing Legend Type in Excel
how to open a panel with new folder function by NSOpenPanel ?
I want to allocate memory for 700 MB to 800 MB Image size
Get Directory Path to 12 Hive programmatically
When to use the equals sign in a Scala method declaration?
where should I store CSS files in a sharepoint install?
Getting the list of running applications ordered by last use
SharePoint: How do I create a new list from a list template?
UIWebView in multithread ViewController
Getting TortoiseSVN to set a file's modified time to the timestamp of the latest revision
Making Movies from a set of images on a mac
NS(Array|Tree)Controller Architecture for multiple NSViewControllers
How to SSL enable SharePoint
Extending Sharepoint XSL template
How to get the category title in a post in Wordpress?
How would you make a button display a window when clicked?
Oracle Calculation Involving Results of Another Calculation
Should "to-many" relationships be modelled as properties?
Oracle 8i Query Help
AJAX and how to best deal with it server side in PHP
What's the best Mac custom disk image creation app?
where to find A mac virtual machine which i can run on windows to test my websites?
QListView/QListWidget with custom items
How to prevent Ajax/javascript result cashing in browsers?
What causes Error 70 in Excel VBA?
Oracle Database character set issue with the audit tables on Debian
scala Map filterKeys: Projection cannot be assigned to a Map reference
How can I set a "hidden" attribute for text inside NSAttributedString?
How do you do a join in LinqToSQL?
SVN\Tortoise painfully slow
Setting a global variable in Magento, the GUI way?
how to change a column's attribute without affecting the values already present?
SPListItem in FormsLib does not handle blank values
Blank arguments in Drupal view not working
Sharepoint Lists.asmx: query returns deleted items?
Ajax request parametors, what am I doign wrong?
svn ignore without deleting files?
How to debug a bash script?
Hibernate mapping a second @Embeddable field in a subclass
XDebug produces corrupted files
In Oracle, is there a function that calculates the difference between two Dates?
Drupal user_hook in custom module
Exemplary Haskell Game Code
Different between AddRole and AddRoleDef in SharePoint usergroup.asmx?
Linq Compiled Query using Contains (Like SQLs IN statement)
Accessing SPWorkflowStatus from an SPListItem
Is it normal to have a short delay after .innerHTML = xmlhttp.responseText; ?
How unique is LINQ?
How do I define a search scope "Display Group" for a Site definition
Set that match both arrays in Scala
Does this Scala actor block when creating new actor in a handler?
Apache logs -- what is difference between %a and %h?
MacBook Trackpad Gestures: Move active Window
Thread id in QT
Problems calling magento API with C#
specialization in type classes using ghc
SQL for listing Oracle Stored Procedures
How to edit default.aspx on SharePoint site without SharePoint Designer
auto assign thumbnail to new wordpress category
Apache + Tomcat: Using mod_proxy instead of AJP
Set up a specific SVN Repository
How does SharePoint Deployment Services actually work?
How do I create a lock/unlock button and behavior in my secure preference pane?
How to set up USB CDC drivers on Mac OS X?
Q about AbstractApplicationContext.getBeansOfType() and getBean()
Help with SVN Setup
How can I use linq to sort by multiple fields?
Are the following Lambda and Linq expressions equivalent?
Using NSPredicate to filter an NSArray based on NSDictionary keys
Ajax Returns Random Values?
Restore and Recovery Scenario
How to write Tetris in Scala? (code review)
Short way of making many beans depend-on one bean
SVN analysis tool
SVN - Permission Denied
Profiling Objective-C binary image size
Mapping an Oracle Date to a Java object using Hibernate
AJAX Alert Box with visitor memory - any examples?
How would you make the text in a checkbox cell be able to be edited?
Where to manage the most sensitive content you have under version control?
wordpress get_categories() issue
Branching from deleted path in svn
Oracle: symbolic names and logical grouping for ORA-XXXXX codes?
gwt+grail.. advantages and shortcomings..
Excel Objext in asp.net
In a meeting workspace get all agenda items from a list programmatically.
How to use Svn and Perforce simultaneously
Lost RPC connection to remote Agent error with Oracle connected to Informix
Mac OS replace ';' with new line on text file
Extract filename and extension in bash
Can Ruby on Rails connect to Oracle/RDB on Mac OS X or Windows?
Shared Worksheet with Macros in Excel 2003
Keeping tables synchronized in Oracle
How to quickly search a subversion repository?
CAML query to add a ListItem in Sharepoint
How to get notifications of NSView isHidden changes?
How to allow Users to request access to a particular document in SharePoint?
How to produce range with step n in bash?
How do I log to file on the Mac (similar to log4net)
Show window in Qt without stealing focus
Apache .htaccess file redirect
GroupBy with linq method syntax (not query syntax)
Connect to a secure database using JDBC
Accessing list data from a different site in Sharepoint Designer workflow
Cocoa: filling an NSBezierPath with an image
Cocoa bindings: custom setter methods?
multiple security:custom-authentication-provider
Linq query with group and condition
oracle pl/sql ora-01722 error
HQL Order by qurey giving problem
Change description of a SharePoint group
Hibernate load UserType object from repository
How to avoid hardcoded field names in HQL, Hibernate?
Synchronizing Sharepoint and Active Directory Groups?
Creating Custom Options on a Product using the Magento API
Serilializing Linq.Table to XML
mod_rewrite adding unwanted file extension
How to add a tilte to a wiki page (=item) in Sharepoint programmatically?
Why doesn't deferred execution cache iterative values?
Apache .htaccess vs httpd - does it really matter?
How to get position inside a select statement
Trouble with file location in excel/fortran dll connection
Hibernate error: cannot resolve table
Scala - modifying nested elements in xml
Cocoa Keyboard Shortcuts in Dialog without an Edit Menu
Oracle 'identifier myschema.mytable must be declared'
creating setup for mac application
How to use dll's in the same directory as an excel file
Spring Transaction Management Test
What comparable Javascript function can reference a file like PHP's include()?
Is there an easy way to backup Oracle SQL Developer's User Snippets?
Are WCF Web services compatible with Sharepoint?
How do I localise a default attribute in a Core Data Entity
Ajax Get +JQuery
Setting mime type for excel document
How to find & fix memleaks inside Apache + PHP + Win2k3
How to send a SIGINT to Python from a bash script?
Sharepoint - Fields appears twice on View / New Item
good stand-alone svn client
SVN and revision numbers
How to extract and chop version string from file in bash
How do I convert an NSString into something I can use with FSCreateDirectoryUnicode?
Overlay/Join two collections with Linq
Database Diagramming tool for OSX?
Is there a way to put get the URL of the site in creation in the ONET.XML file?
Does it make sense to have more than one MethodSecurityInterceptor bean?
Customized Drupal with pre-installed modules
What is the equivilent C# 3.5 Linq to SQL for this?
How to create unboxed mutable array instance
No Runnable methods Error From Base Test class
Sharepoint Wiki
GUI thread detecting in the Qt libary
Can I create a COUNTIF calculated column in SharePoint?
How to benchmark apache with delays?
In what scenarios is LINQ best applicable?
Easy way to find cell reference in excel vba
Scala - replaceAllIn
Hibernate polymorphism
How do I create an import-only document type in Cocoa?
SVN authz, path-based authentication woes
Pasting the same text copied from different sources behaves differently in Excel
Query two tables from different schema
How to change Qt applications's dock icon at run-time in MacOS?
How to represent a DateTime in Excel
AJAX HTTPHandler not updating image
Sys.Serialization.JavaScriptSerializer in AJAX autocomplete
LINQ to Objects - Does Not Contain?
Measuring bluetooth signal strength via AppleScript on Mac OS X
Sharepoint- Inserting in a list subfolder
WSS Features and Data Storage
Oracle 11g SQL to get unique values in one column of a multi-column query
Customized Sharepoint List Add/Edit page is slow to load
How do I set a friendly name for SharePoint custom property enums?
Linq: get articles with top vote count
Add fields to the Site information section on Drupal 6.12
What could cause Shape.Cut to fail in Excel VBA?
How do I use the return value of a sheet to decide whether or not to close a window?
pushd/popd on ksh?
Hibernate polymorphic query
How to update a matlab GUI in the background?
Cocoa Controllers - best practice for notifying on completion, for disposal?
Debugging Sharepoint timer jobs
Preserve SharePoint display formatting on my custom SPGridView
Oracle Pl/SQL: Loop through XMLTYPE  nodes
Excel page breaks via VBA
MaskedEdit Extender lost data on postback
How do I use custom roles/authorities in Spring Security?
Qt: Session Management Error
Bulk Insert into Oracle database: Which is better: FOR Cursor loop or a simple Select ?
Return an Oracle Ref Cursor to a SqlServer T-SQL caller
What is a decent SVN monitoring tool?
How do I improve Windows Subversion client update performance?
Setting A Header Image for a Wordpress Page and all its children
How to construct a hibernate query that uses a single element of all elements in a collection?
Am I using histc wrong, or it this matlab's fault?
How does the kRotateImage flag to ICADownloadFile work?
SFAuthorizationView authorize: method does not work.
Excel: How to display more information when using Subtotals?
Using SharpSvn to retrieve log entries within a date range
Accessing a Windows file folder from Oracle Forms 10g
UNIX Domain Sockets and Cocoa
Running a command in a new Mac OS X Terminal window.
LINQ Design and Prototyping
Command line subversion client for Windows Vista 64bits
Ok dumb question time. Linq to SQL. Join.
Wordpress admin section cleanup?
How to chain AJAX calls in Rails?  A series of calls to be executed, depending on the result of the first call.
How does this bash fork bomb work?
Merging from branch to trunk with 'Merge range of revisions'
LINQ Select() function throws out loaded values (loadoptions)
SharePoint: Temporary switching PageLayout of PublishingPage in HttpModule fails
Help diagnosing a subversion error
spring initBinder and webbindinginitializer example ...
RewriteRule for mapping x.domain.com to y.domain.com
Why isn't this rewrite rule working?
How do I iterate over an NSArray?
Remove white backgrounds from images
Does Haskell have Variables
OS X: bundle location by identifier for newly installed application
Giving The Root Row Of An Outline View A Different Background Color.
Going from PHP Propel to Java Hibernate
Mac OS X: Quickest way to kill/quit an entire process tree from within a Cocoa application.
How to I rename a file using the SharePoint web services?
[Probably something stupid] Can't create trigger using SQLPlus in Oracle
right align/pad numbers in bash
Please help me the macro that only a cell of the specific keyword does in a blank. in Excel
Moving code from codeplex to google code - keeping history.
About Spring BeanFactory
Dynamic height for AJAX Autocomplete Textbox
haskell polymorphism and lists
Unable to find the location of C's standard libraries in OS/X?
provision a webpart
Magento API Uploaded products not appearing in frontend - Unless they are re-saved in backend.
ORM for ASP.net, ORACLE, looking for a solution.
Bash: Delete until a specific file
How to manage column based access control in Sharepoint lists?
Haskell FFI: Calling FunPtrs
How to obtain the list of Oracle's SIDs
Oracle: loading a large xml file?
How can I optimize a dynamic search query in Oracle
Web-based JSON editor that works like property explorer with AJAXy input form
QT: custom widget in QScrollArea
Subverison and CI build processes
WordPress displays private posts to logged-in users -- how to turn this functionality off?
how to transform array argu from object_c to javascript?
What does full LINQ support mean?
hibernate cascade deletion
Getting SSO credentials through code on SharePoint fails
Mac driver development
What kind of Mac driver should I need to build to intercept the file system?
Sharepoint - Information Rights Management error
Applet 1.6 on Mac OS X
Duplicate Rows when Data Binding with LINQ to Entities
hibernate cascade deletion  example
Customizing breadcrumb in sharepoint publishing site with variations
Complex form design in Sharepoint
Sharepoint Search Property Weighting
sharepoint permissions issues - "Access Denied"
How to use NSURLRequest with non-static content?
Oracle 10g PL/SQL- Select results as update column values
Excel document recovery
Bash: how to traverse directory structure and execute commands?
MS-Excel:  How to show the value of a combo box inside a locked cell.
detect if an ASCX/ASPX is running in SharePoint?
Autowiring Unmanaged Beans Annotated With @Component
Model - View - Controler in Qt
PHP / Drupal, Session Storage and encryption
Magento - Show Custom Attributes in Grouped Product table.
Building magento modules
Conditional Multiple Fields Searching and Filtering in LINQ
How to install Java class on Oracle on Solaris
Excel 2007 VBA FileSearch missing
LINQ Except using custom Comparer.
Drupal Ajaxifying Everything
Set line weight for all series in Excel 2000 pivot chart
Scala - which characters can I omit
Why does one ADO.NET Excel query work and another does not?
Using Different Hibernate User Types in Different Situations
Processing messages concurrently in an Actor
mrdivide function in Matlab- what is it doing and how to do it in Python?
[Haskell] case-insensitive regular expressions
Linq .Contains with large set causes TDS error
deploy webaprt with feature
How do I use CREATE OR REPLACE?
Cascading updates with business key equality: Hibernate best practices?
Oracle and SQLServer function evaluation in queries
Using varargs from Scala
Temporary tables in Linq -- Anyone see a problem with this?
define variable to hold non-current date in bash
it is possible to run more then one app under mod_aspdotnet?
merge 2 Linq sequences into one, with precedence
Linq to XML (Base64 Encoded)
Where can I find at least two great online tutorials for building a Web application with the Spring Framework
What's the default value of the Hibernate property hibernate.jdbc.factory_class?
Ajax back button with dynamic content
Mac client can't resolve Windows Home Server name
ls Return Values
Log web based application.
Customize Oracle AWR report
Mod-Rewrite Problems (Apache) with / slashes
NSArray to C array
AJAX leading to more "chattiness"
what does the output mean?
Displaying information from matalb without a line feed
Bypassing DELETE_ORPHANS in a transaction when moving objects from one parent to another, hibernate.
SVN -Change directory structure on an existing repository
Sharepoint SPDisposeCheck
Apache: return 404 errors instead of 500 errors.
Why don't I declare NSInteger with a *
WordPress - producing a list of posts filtered by tag and then category
Custom List Compare dates in Sharepoint
Form is removed from AJAX response
Is it possible to make a bash file run as root in crontab?
AJAX-safe way to post-process / "wrap" arbitrary web pages?
Hibernate findById isn't finding records that it previously found
Displaying partially Unicode encoded data via AJAX/innerHTML
Can a bash function be used in different scripts?
MetaStorm Ework and SharePoint 2007
Order documents by most popular in sharepoint content query webpart
Crash in QHash
Deploying a webpart which depends on a database store
OSX Malicious Terminal Command (colon, brackets, curly brackets, apersand, etc)
Creating a custom EditorPart in SharePoint
Replicating Team System's "Open Selection in Microsoft Excel" functionality
SVN automatic code formatting on check in?
Help me understand the difference between CLOBs and BLOBs in Oracle
How to map a set of objects in Hibernate without primary keys being equally named?
Linq to SQL question - specifying columns then modifying column
$_GET and Wordpress
VSeWSS "Attach to IIS Worker Processes" grayed out
Extending SharePoint Breadcrumbs across multiple site collections
How do I display a counter(ie, no. of times downloaded) in an MS Excel 07 spreadsheet when the spreadsheet(.xls) is downloaded off my webpage?
Phone screen questions for Mac OS X developer positions?
Haskell: type classes question
"Live Preview" of a forum post or comment, like stackoverflow does
a link to parent node in nodecomments in drupal 6
Drupal vs Wordpress performance comparassion
Why size of lucene index increased if i index the same data?
Can I dynamically load additional Spring configuration files into an existing WebApplicationContext?
Why would SVN command line client freeze with no output on Win XP?
Haskell FFI: ForeignPtr seems not to get freed
NSOutlineView, NSTreeController and willDisplayCell
NSScanner - Scan Next Line into String
How can I get dev tools (such as make) for Mac OS X via the command line
Accesing A NSArray.
blog post content via url parameters (meta) in wordpress
what is the difference between ObjectQuery and "var" ?
Can Scala survive without corporate backing?
How to check if gcc has failed, returned a warning, or succeeded? (in bash)
Haskell vs. procedural programming in the real world
json problem (ajax uploader with zend)
Renaming keys in NSMutableDictionary
Using bash command line, how to add "import package.name.*;" to many java files?
How to programatically get current battery level with COCOA
Can you perform an impersonated search in SharePoint without providing a password?
How do I make Apache know which app directory to use for different domains?
Getting NSArrayController item for right click in NSCollectionView
how will you take only stored procedure backup in oralce 10g?
Excel - How to persist function in column when row data is cut or deleted?
How to set the default value of a user defined column in SharePoint depending on the content type that uses it
Should I add a new SVN repository or a new folder ?
Subversion Vendor Branches
Excel XML Line Breaks within Cell from PHP DOM
Haskell foreign import stdcall on DLL function
How do I know which OSBundleLibrary to include when using XCode?
linq to sql + stackoverflow exception when querying objects
linq to sql + update table
How should I branch and tag before and after a release?
Customizing gallery layout in Drupal with Views and CCK
SharePoint Custom Fields In List View
LINQ: How to get items from an inner list into one list?
Core Data: Strange bindings error on re-opening a document. Help?
Multiline Matching in Haskell Posix
How can svn co give a "directory already exists error"?
MODIFY COLUMN in oracle - How to check if a column is nullable before setting to nullable?
Oracle SQL Query to Summarize Statistics, using GROUP BY
How to use multiple ViewResolvers in Spring?
How have you (or HAVE you) learned keyboard shortcut navigation?
How do I get the values of #define-d constants?
How to use hibernate interceptors to populate extra fields in a join table?
How do I change bash history completion to complete what's already on the line?
ProcessBatchData create strange folder name
gprof reports no time accumulated
Subclassing SharePoint Objects
Implement ManualResetEvent and AutoResetEvent
Should my Scala actors' properties be marked @volatile?
Simulate string split function in Excel formula
Drupal CCK Field Level Visibility
svn: MKACTIVITY 403 Forbidden
Using Linq to run a method on a collection of objects?
What is the proper JPA mapping for @Id in parent and unique sequence in base classes
Getting properies from SharePointWebControls
add web part to PersonalViews.aspx in sharepoint
Finding incorrectly-formatted email addresses in a CSV file
creating patches between revisions per file
SharePoint OOTB Workflow Problem
Why would the browser cache assets (images, js, etc.) while GETting but re-request everything after a POST + 302 redirect?
Creating a list of Anonymous Type in VB
How to determine a PL/SQL function's schema from within the function
Dump Oracle table(s) data to INSERT statements
Confusing LINQ statement
changing / maintaining regions in magento
bash shell script syntax error
Send file to Sharepoint using webservices: Error deserializing the object of type System.Byte[].
How to Setup Multiple Authentication Types for 1 Subversion Repo?
zip columns from separate files together in bash
Has someone used QSockeNotifier (Qt library) to read/write serial ports in Linux?
How to perform date operations in hibernate HQL
How does 'get' actually /get/ the initial state in Haskell?
PHPLiveX and loading html into DIV
IYO: worst subversion misfeatures?
Duplicate entry error in MySQL/Hibernate
Returning an HtmlTable to be written with ajax.
What does the Excel VBA range.Rows property really do?
Can you write Cocoa apps with HTML/CSS and Javascript?
Reading Image from AJAX response
What's a quality development environment for writing Oracle SQL?
Truncation errors importing to SQL Server 2005 from Excel
How to: URL re-writing in PHP ?
Is it possible to checkout files from subversion without those .svn folders?
ModalPopupExtender Performance Issues
General Oracle Results Table
General Oracle Data Collection Storage
echo printing variables on single line
Does Linq has "Difference" ?
Apache RewriteRule not working without Page # specified.
NSButtonCell (NSSwitchButton) binded to BOOL value
Data Guard Oracle 11g
Oracle: Does a 10g oracle client work with an 11g server?
How do I make my urls work with mod_rewite?
Migrating svn 1.4 repo's to 1.6, populating node origins.
Websphere connections problem
Accessing a Function over Database Link with Different Charsets in Oracle
qt qmake -tp vc to create visual studio project files
Hibernate dynamic instantiations with collections, is it possible?
ODP.net Oracle Decimal Number precision problem when filling a dataset. Exception: Arithmetic operation resulted in an overflow
SVN Won't download newly added files
Bash: Getting standard program for file type
Linq to sql truncating string returned by Stored Procedure
How could predicate pushing on an inline view slow down a query?
How do I properly remove an svn:externals and replace it with a local (non-external) copy of the same directory?
Ad targeting for individual posts in Wordpress
Is LINQ to Everything a good abstraction?
Dynamic Linq To Sql With ComboBox and Column.Contains
Wordpress retrievig Post children
How to use an Internet Subversion respository when devloping code?
How to represent a polygon with hole(s) ?
How to load an xml document from an openxml file without saving the xml file on disk?
Scala HMAC-SHA1 signing?
Which XML parser for XML is better?
Is there a command which will print the path of the file in the repo-browser in the command line?
Getting Excel 2003 to interpret a pasted number with leading zeros as text (works fine in 2007)
Reading from a file not line-by-line
how to configure the formatting of file upload in drupal 6
LINQ: IEnumerable<KeyValuePair<SomeType, IEnumerable<OtherType>>>  selection
How can I configure Spring to save as much memory as possible?
Hibernate: Specifying columns in a one-to-many relationship
Oracle 11g SQL select max integer value of varchar column
Is my IQueryable syntax correct?
return subversion working copy to an old revision
Linq - Using Except() on a Generic collection
Some doubts on setting an C#/Asp.Net 3.5 application automatic builder server
How to add greater than/less than to Hibernate filters
How to improve performance in Oracle using SELECT DISTINCT
How do I create subdomain redirects using .htaccess?
Mouse events for an NSSegmentedCell subclass?
How to set an expected exception using Scala and JUnit 4
running ping with Qprocess, exit code always 2 if host reachable or not
AJAX requests Synchronous Vs Asynchronous
How to use Google Toolbox for Mac for UI unit testing.
svn checkout and update without the .svn directory
Get multiple values through an AJAX query
Qt how can i get content of web-page?
For loop using find lacks doesn't properly handle directory names having white space character
Binding to Media keys on Apple keyboards under OSX 10.5
Return typed DataTable from Linq Query
2 diiferent layouts of the same content type in drupal 6
Problems with scrolling in TextView in Gtk2hs and Haskell.
How to serve files in Drupal without using links?
Functional Reactive Programming in Scala
Converting Enumeration to Iterator
Progress Bar in perl
how to disable window close button in OSX using wxpython?
Matlab - add a plot to a hist
Drupal - showing forums on the left side bar
How do i readlink -f on a Mac?
Is there any way to make Excel preserve XML attributes in root element?
ajax requests when navigating in browser
Is there a way to programmatically determine the proper sizes for Apple's built-in controls?
HOWTO: rewrite requests for images, css and js to different folders for each application?
undelete the deleted command in bash.
Ajax Paging in php
How can I deny all but one directory name with .htaccess?
WAIT for "any process" to finish
Is it bad practice to send an  actor a message from something which is not an actor?
What is the SQL Server equivalent to Oracle's Virtual Private Database?
How to display indeterminate NSProgressIndicator in the NSOutlineView?
Updating frontend layout from a module
What are the details behind the way Wordpress stores user authentication data?
How is this case class match pattern working?
Linq to XML performance - Standalone test vs Very large web application
svnant - parent dir in server is not a working copy.
scala Iterable#map vs. Iterable#flatMap
Visual SVNServer with Trac
Best tools for AJAX
Writing a web application in excel? Why not?
How can I get the distinct items of the following data structure in C# / LINQ?
Safe to share a Subversion working copy between OS?
How do I temporarily convert an ASP.NET Ajax form to not use partial page updates?
Enforcing that a class posts a particular NSNotification?
File Watcher in Cocoa
Bash Tool To Parse CSV files
Scala/Lift question rss feed fetch
Spring + Hibernate - multiple databases
File Watcher in Cocoa
Linq To XSD at runtime.
XMLHttpRequest vs Socket vs ?
Redirecting Test Output
Haskell: Overlapping instances
How can I add an extra item in this LINQ query?
Using MS SQL/Oracle's XML datatype in Hibernate
Is there an Environment Variable that contains the clipboard contents?
Resultset logic when selecting tables without a join?
NSImage rotation
Error reading configuration file for JAAS Authentication Provider in Spring
Is it possible to replace the Mac login screen?
Handling conflicts in SVN with Tortoise?
Custom email forms in Magento
Cocoa: Quartz, Core Graphics, Context vs View. Oh My!
Subclipse svn:ignore
Drupal Search Behavior
LINQ to SQL entity column name attribute ignored with guid primary key
Dynamically loading a part of a Window in Cocoa
drupal form alter
svn add interactive
Oracle - Is there any effects of not having a primary key on  a table ?
Getting the return value of a PL/SQL function via Hibernate
Parent Contexts in spring based web-app
How to get Matlab to recognise newly added static methods?
How to get all changes with an svn update, using TortoiseSVN
Static inner classes in scala
Using Lamda with Dictionaries
Can I have multiple security contexts with spring security?
SpringIDE and eclipse galileo 3.5
Searching if value exists in a list of objects using Linq
Data streaming in Matlab with input data coming in from a C++ executable
Persistent UIBarButtonItem in UIToolbar?
Why I can't use .CopyToDataTable in LINQ query?
How to count number of different IPs that have accessed certain URL from Apache accesss log?
What's the best MATLAB equivalent? (open source or otherwise free)
LINQ-to-SQL and mass-changes submit very slow
Value is a variable but used as a method
Hibernate Error : Caused by: org.hibernate.NonUniqueObjectException: a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session:
Efficiency of storing an Oracle User Defined Type in an index organized table
What is the PL/SQL API difference between Oracle Express Edition (XE) and Standard Edition (SE)?
Execute a shell command from a shell script without stoping if error occurs
What is your workflow for creating websites based on WordPress?
Linq to SQL how to do "where [column] in (list of values)"
Scala: match and parse an integer string?
How to list source versions using subversion
Drupal and Ubercart - Add order that customer can pay for online? Bill customer's order without having them manually put it in their cart?
MySQL enum with hibernate
How to keep Entity Framework and database aligned
xml excel realtive path issue
How to wait for an animator to finish?
Is QHash::contains method case-sensitive or case-incensitive?
Oracle SqlDeveloper: how to view results from a ref cursor?
Spring @Transactional Annotation Best Practice
Qt +hiding window after startup
Spring MVC Domain Object handling Best Practice
How to create picture link in ASP.NET MVC?
SQL: the semicolon or the slash?
NLS_LANG setting for JDBC thin driver?
How to display a raw YUV frame in a Cocoa OpenGL program
LINQ IEnumerable Where Not Finding Element
Ideal way to single instance apps on the Mac
Running Process listing
Check whether application already running
Resources for Unit Testing Cocoa Applications
Making a Checkbox Toggle The Dock Icon On and Off.
Hibernate session / transaction design
Database Results in Cocoa
How can I use mod_rewrite to 301 redirect website.com to www.website.com?
Question on Scala Closure (From "Programming in Scala")
File reading
Run Qt application on startup as Linux daemon
Mixin Multiple Traits in Scala
How do I take a screengrab of a single window using Cocoa or Carbon on OS X?
Oracle: Global namespace qualifier for function?
Using Linq Expressions to decouple client side from DAL (which is server side)
How to dlete files from SVN that have already been deleted from the FS?
Passing properties to a Spring context
Popup blocked, jquery window.open in success: AJAX? outside ok.
xmlhttprequest onlys gets to status 3
Oracle Identify Data Type
How do I make a url forbidden in apache mod_rewrite?
Writing a formula to a cell with OpenXLS
Magento My Account Layout XML Problem
Quickest query to check for the existence of a row in Oracle?
Apache2: Environment variables for user http
Scala - Java interop: can Scala emit enums in bytecode for Java to consume?
Hibernate for stored procedure access
linq subquery returning null
alternatives for loading into oracle
Parsing XML in Cocoa
Where do I put my ruby program on mac when opening with terminal.
Rails Auth Token and Ajax
How to genrate Pivot table in ExcelSheet Programitically
Hibernate: Query entities which contain a specified element in a CollectionOfElements?
Why do some page requests hang when fetching image assets using Safari and Apache 2.2.3?
wordpress wp_get_archives output change with preg_replace
Why are iframes so slow?
counting duplicates in a sorted sequence using command line tools
Understanding mod_proxy and Apache 2 for writing a comet-server
How do I read the windows registry (Default) value using QSettings?
Cocoa app, my problem with -windowShouldClose
Hibernate CollectionOfElements EAGER fetch duplicates elements
Hibernate: Sorting by a field from a linked table if foreign key is null
Is there a Scala unit test tool that integrates well with Maven?
Spring: How to programmatically define FactoryBean
How do I get around type erasure on Scala? Or, why can't I get the type parameter of my collections?
Limit Oracle / ASPX Query Time
Why is oracle spewing bad table metadata?
LINQ and gorup by data nested within a structure
Porting .NET C++ standalone to Mac
Scala constructor overload?
Simple Haskell graphics library?
Enabling Save for an NSDocument
Hibernate property based on sum
Programmatically Change System Network (Proxy) settings
Hot to select items in NSOutlineView without NSTreeController?
Bottom bar in NSWindow
Using LINQ with classes implementing non-generic ICollection
what is the way to check whether excel cell is locked or not?
What makes Scala's "operator overloading" good, but C++'s bad?
Magento Custom Module, Fatal error: Call to a member function setFormAction()
Run bash script from Windows PowerShell
How to access Magento user's session from outside Magento?
Simplifying a complicated Cocoa-Touch View Controller
Distributing SVN ( Master & Mirrors )
How to read text fields into MATLAB and create a single matrix
ASP .NET MVC  Ajax link that gets executed onmouseover
apache redirect from non www to www
Stumped and Seeking Input Re: Database Design
How to customize NSTextField look (Font used, font size) in Cocoa ?
Apache loading queue problems
Ajax with in Ajax. Is this possible
WordPress as a CMS option
Can a WordPress site be made to be more than a blog?
QX11EmbedWidget and QX11EmbedContainer
How much disk space should I reserve for my Subversion repository?
file path from sql query in drupal
Why is hibernate open session in view considered a bad practice?
BAsh Script -- logname validation
wordpress custom navigation with sub-pages
Making sure a Spring Bean is properly initialised
Is there a simpler C++ Subversion API or an example .vcproj for minimal_client.c?
Magento: Including a module template into the checkout process
ORACLE Rollback and Trigger
How can I view the version tree for a file in SVN which shows the merges from branches back to trunk?
AJAX and NS_ERROR_DOM_BAD_URI error
How can I optmize a MAX date query relating to a other table entity
Wordpress post by e-mail categorization tagging plugin?
Using svnversion with svn:keywords
How to know which stored procedures are running in an Oracle database?
How can I turn these LINQ joins into LEFT OUTER joins?
Spring roo Vs (Wicket and Spring)
How do you add textboxes to Oracle APEX reports?
How can a web application synch a folder of text files on the client's PC?
How to Import Excel to Datagrid without OleDB?
How to change where Subversion repositories are stored?
No error message available, result code: E_FAIL(0x80004005)
recursively add file extension to all files
Linq where in between IENumerable and List<>
NSString color
Drupal Login using  parameters for login and password in url
Drupal views require_once
How does one store and retrieve custom session variables in Drupal 6?
How can I disable Theme Info module in Drupal when it takes up too much memory to access the admin>>modules page?
Excel to .csv problem
Crash Reporter for Cocoa app
No results from Oracle query in VB ASPX
Including String Expressions in bash Commands
How to display opening times?
Get duration in AVAudioPlayer?
Oracle 11g Cold Restore?
Beginning Magento development
calling Qt's QGraphicsView::setViewport with a custom QGLWidget
Cross-browser implementation of "HTTP Streaming" (push) AJAX pattern
Revert a whole directory in tortoise svn?
How can hibernate access a private field ?
A general linux rights question: Apache and WordPress
Why is it allowed to write to / on MacOSX as normal user?
SVN - Delete existing repository
Question about extensiblity of Cocoa Touch Controls
How do you enable javascript in a WebView
How to program MATLAB's GUI
Dynamic button control in AJAX
Importing and normalising XML with Hibernate
xml validity, ajax, and php
Multiple Documents in a Single Window in Cocoa
Capturing output of find . -print0 into a bash array
installing c++ boost on mac osx leopard -- port fails
What is the best client from Windows to Mac for VNC?
When porting Java code to ObjC, how to represent checked exceptions?
mail reader using haskell
Using Linq SubmitChanges without TimeStamp and StoredProcedures the same time
Oracle requests proxy
How do you define a local var/val in the primary constructor in Scala?
Hibernaqte exception :org.hibernate.exception.SQLGrammarException: could not execute query
Best strategy for branching SVN code and maintaining Visual Studio project references
How do you strip leading spaces in Oracle?
Is Spring hard compaired to Ruby on Rails?
Porting a Qt Application from Linux to Windows
Applying Matlab's idwt2 several times
Sharing same model in two QGraphicScene instances in Qt
#define Equivalent for Oracle SQL?
How do I build a QT console app in 64 bit on Mac OSX?
BASH Variables with multiple commands and reentrant
what is this widget called?
Have a script to handle http errors.
Newbie Spring Config Question
Problem with Oracle Sql Loader control file
How do I make my own Linq Clauses?
Should frameworks be put in /Library/Frameworks or in the application bundle when putting multiple applications in one bundle
bash/cygwin/$PATH:  Do I really have to reboot to alter $PATH?
How do I get the representedObject from a view in an NSCollectionViewItem?
How to increase Oracle CBO cost estimation for hash joins, group by's and order by's without hints
where to find a small example/demo on how to create a LINQ Provider?
Fixing a broken subversion setup
How can I enforce a reviewers name being entered into SVN log
Diagnostic output of the Oracle Query Optimizer
List wordpress sub-pages as drop-down list in navigation
Creating XML for import into Excel, particularly dates
Does the order of cases matter in PHP switch statements?
Oracle Builtin String Character Classes
What's the equivalent of Oracle's to_char in AS400 DB2 SQL syntax?
How to map a set of enum type in Hibernate?
Using symbolic links inside OS X application bundles
How do I combine monads in Haskell?
resolving sub-domain in apache
mod_rewrite, avatar set up
Why does an NSView's frame: method return the wrong results?
Duplicating views
Find duplicate/repeated rows in hierarchical sql
To bind clear to ^l in Bash
Does Oracle 10g automatically escape double quotes in recordsets?
Get accurate position for a click on a linked image using jquery
Sharing Spring Security Configuration Between Applications
Data analysis tool like MS excel ...
TortoiseSVN - missing files in client
Oracle Materialized Views Vs Replication on the same DB server
What's the best FREE collaborative platform for 2/3 programmers?
How to get values of bind parameters from Oracle JDBC PreparedStatement object
Wait for bash background jobs in script to be finished
How do I route the audio from the lineout to an application?
How do I sort an array in Scala?
How to emulate 'cp --update' behavior on Mac OS X?
Apache, SVN and mod_python
Integration Test with Spring: Cannot convert value of type error
Submitting a Rails form with jQuery and Ajax
Iphone Programming in Mac OS X runnning not in a Mac Computer
including Qt headers in DLL
Last day of the month with a twist in SQLPLUS
Common Rewrite Setting For Multiple VHosts
Help required to optimize LINQ query
Cocoa Mail Framework
Performance of Remote Materialized views in Oracle
Can I acheive this with linq instead of For Each?
How to create a netcat relay on OS X ?
For iPhone dev, using the latest mac mini, which iphone sdk to get?
How do I I receive SNMP traps on OS X?
How can I send a HTML email from Cocoa?
Using Spring by Creating Multiple ApplicationContexts to manage bean life time - is this okay?
Installing debug version of Qt on Mac OSX
Oracle pl-sql escape character (for a '?')
What virtual machine can I use for virtualice Mac OS in Window?
Code version control when developing in .NET/SQL Server 2005 on a Mac
Accessing Excel Custom Document Properties programatically
How to do an "in" query in entity framework?
Unreliable Hibernate Objects
Rearranging project after SVN checkout
wordpress, apache redirection question
Linq Newbie. Can I write this Linq query more concise?
Spring and JSF and JPA
Can Scala allow free Type Parameters in arguments (are Scala Type Parameters first class citizens?)?
Obtain a CGContextRef of NSView outside of drawRect ?
Excel "External table is not in the expected format."
Loading javassist-ed Hibernate entity
haskell: faster summation
Scala - can yield be used multiple times with a for loop?
How do I extend scala.swing?
What ORMs work well with Scala?
Rewrite Url with apache2
Drupal: How to know the type of a tid (term id)?
How can a Windows programmer be sufficiently productive on Mac OS X?
Concurrent DB connection pool in Haskell
Using a bash script on a Mac to connect to network shares?
Lazily loading a clob in hibernate
In a bash script/command how can I make a PC beep noise, or play a sound file?
Svnmerge and a file replaced with a directory
Building up a LINQ query based on bools
Install sqlite3 on mac osx?
KeyDown and Cocoa Sample
SVN 1.3 VS 1.5 (latest)
Plot data reconstruction reading pixel colors from image files
How to Execute Subversion Post-Commit Trigger Without New Changeset?
Ajax upatepanel on user control, parent's inline style not rendered by IE
Qt4 QMenu items sorting
Linq list of lists to single list
What do they mean when they say LINQ is composable?
Codeplex SVN $Author$ Property problem
How to create a CGGradient for my UIView subclass ?
How do I make svn ignore unversion files only in my working copy?
Accessing values using subscripts without using sub2ind
Deploying Beta software updates and Sparkle
Ajax books and tutorial
Linking Qt in a dynamic library
Is there a quick way to say If notempty x = y else x = default in a Linq where query
Unable to build SciPy on OS X 10.5.7
SVN - How to set all files to same revision number and date.
Qt's moc causing "undefined reference to:" error
Filtering data in an NSPopUpButtonCell in an NSTableView
Developing an Application using Wordpress as a base?
HQL Problem
javascript - Want to access the contents of another domain with ajax?
Mac OS X / Open terminal with specified windows
Mac OS X / Good terminal template
svn+apache per directory access control - disable root from modifying permissions file
Mac OS X / RSS Growl Notifications
Memory performance of Linq to DataSets / Objects with large data sets
How to make all AJAX calls sequential?
methods to store binary files in SVN
Getting Items on the Local Clipboard from a Remote SSH Session
MERGE output cursor of SP into table?
How to get a unique WindowRef in a dockable Qt application on Mac
Why does Qt include empty class definitions of existing classes in the header files?
What does the "@" symbol mean in reference to lists in Haskell?
How does git-svn behave with svn repositories that have changed layout?
Linq query with left join and group
Use of getBean as opposed to method injection in Spring
Haskell: any debugShow function?
Fun Function Every Minute In Cocoa
oracle varchar to number
Flag itersection of two lists using LINQ
Oracle Data Dump and Data Restore
Error connecting to Oracle from Visual Studio
How to configure term on MacOSX with color
Cocoa NSNumberFormatterCurrencyStyle without "$" return zero
Haskell: Can I use a where clause after a bloc with bind operators (>>=)?
Downside to using persistent connections?
How to use @sum with CoreData
libusb preferred method on mac os x to access usb device?
Mapping over multiple Seq in Scala
Qt GraphicsScene constantly redrawing
Index not used due to type conversion?
publishing a website  using svn export
LINQ Orderby clause is causing weird results
Oracle Java Stored Procedure Command-line Interaction
Qt: Square constraint on window resize
Is there an efficiency penalty when using Scala inner functions within non-tail recursive functions?
Reading or loading images from file synchronously in MATLAB.
Interface-Builder outlets causing odd display behaviour
Is ODP.NET required for Oracle 11g Client?
How to run svn-populate-node-origins-index on Windows
Values inside monads, nested in data structures?
Basic LINQ expression for an ItemCollection
How do I save state with CALayers?
Version configuration from SQL
QT programming tutorials (c++)
Is there a viable SCC integration for Subversion?
Haskell Function Cheat Sheet
How do I escape a reserved word in oracle
What good are right-associative methods in Scala?
Qt QTableView and horizontalHeader()->restoreState()
can Use Hibernate and Tomcat Connection pool at same time?
Best Scala imitation of Groovy's safe-dereference operator (?.)?
jquery validate & ajax.beginform
Oracle NUMBER problem: Decimal to Int64 cast
VBA editor auto-deletes spaces at the ends of lines
hibernate manytomany
Using Excel OleDb to get sheet names IN SHEET ORDER
Qt: transparent QRubberBand?
customize Finder 'get info' window?
Oracle Query Optimization
WordPress extreme oddity with broken images
Delete an oracle-user with single quotes in the username
WordPress oddity with broken images
What is the Scala equivalent of Java's ClassName.class?
Grabbing text between slashes in Excel
Designing Web services for AJAX Consumption
UserDefaults in system preference pane installed for multiple users in OSX...
How can I check Spring Security for user authentication and get roles from Flex?
Is there any special category for external files in project file of Qt Creator?
Extending spring's default component factory
Python OS X 10.5 development environment
First non-empty cell in a spreadsheet row
How can I retrieve the HTML to be loaded into a WebView (or WebFrame) from a local persistent store?
Touch files from Z->A with a delay
If text file is NOT empty, email me
How to get top 3 elements in int array using LINQ?
What is difference between Access and oracle????
Squashing or editing some commits before doing git-svn dcommit?
Get resultset from oracle stored procedure
what is d2k in oracle
Is accessing rows with varbinary data via LINQ causing a timeout? How to fix?
Oracle all foreign key references
What's the best way to determine which version of oracle client I'm running?
What's the RIGHT way to draw an image in the upper left corner on a mac?
only update 1 column with linq
Oracle Update Hangs
Problem with UTF-8 in Create Schema By Hibernate
Executing simple commands with Cocoa and Sdef.
Finding a 3rd party QWidget with injected code & QWidget::find(hwnd)
How do I create a custom wordpress page?
Spring - How do you set Enum keys in a Map with annotations
jquery script is using to much memory
Can you add values to an Oracle APEX Shuttle item using a textbox?
How do I index through a cocoa NSArray to draw a shape in Quartz composer for every element in the array?
Equivalent to LINQ to Events in Scala
Oracle Analytics inside Cursor
How to insert programmatically a new line in an Excel cell in C#?
LINQ JOIN in String Array
QT & UDP-Socket
Core Data simple relationship in code
Magento custom attribute default value not showing in front end
LINQ Dynamic Expression API, predicate with DBNull.Value comparison
org/springframework/metadata/Attributes not found in spring3.0?
How do you use shell script variables as arguments to sed?
Flex + Drupal Sharing Data
Way to check whether TinyMCE is active in WordPress
Oracle Minus - From a list of values, how do I count ONLY non reversed values.
update sql in Oracle conversion from Sql Server
How to make a private branch of public SVN repository?
Is it possible to send custom headers with an XHR ("Ajax" request)?
Data extraction with Excel
RHEL/Apache ssl.conf configuration problem
Need help with NSMutableData.
Trouble with NSDecimalNumber's decimalNumberByDividingBy: withBehavior:
Error commiting data in subversion
What are the precise rules for when you can omit parenthesis, dots, braces, = (functions) etc?
Filtering a NSOutlineView/NSTreeController.
osx change file encoding (iconv) recursive
MATLAB Mex interface to a class object with multiple functions
Check if a value is in a collection with Link
link error when using boost library on MacOSX
SVN: locally ignore files when updating
Subversion project structure?
Excel Conditional Content/Formatting for Print vs. Screen and Page Breaks
Dynamically manipulate Qt GUI
Why has Haskell so big numbers ?
how to eliminate a particular category from query
svn post-commit hook doesn't have persmissions to create file in working copy directory
Is there a non-deprecated raster graphics framework for Mac OS X?
Callbacks in ObjC+Cocoa
Why can't Scala infer the type parameter in this example?
Passing a native pointer to performSelectorOnMainThread's withObject argument?
Oracle PL/SQL: Any benefits in changing PLSQL_CODE_TYPE from interpreted to native ?
Qt wrapper for C libraries
Replace output in a loop in bash scripting
How Configure Hibernate for develop Test
error handling with spring + servlet spec
Cocoa: Dictionary with enum keys?
Scala factorial on large numbers sometimes crashes and sometimes doesn't
how do i get the min from a linq to dataset query
Adding Padding To The 'left' of a Text Field.
Linq Query on int using string
Hibernate ManyToMany with Join table problems on update
shut off htmlpurifier upgrade message
Need help with a linq query please!
Redirect 404 to another domain with apache?
Access to a Drupal site via an HTTP API
Excel macro help - checking if boxes on left or right are populated
Is it possible to call .NET code from Excel 2007?
Using alternative comparison in HashSet
Send data to browser
Can I run an arbitrary Oracle SQL script through ODP.NET?
Equinox (OSGi) and JPA/Hibernate - Finding Entities
FilterInvocation being called instead of MethodInvocation
XCode Linking build error
Which GUI element does iCal use for calendar view?
When are -framework and -I/System/.../Example.framework/Headers/ needed?
Local Temporary table in Oracle 10 (for the scope of Stored Procedure)
An online SVN client
How do I display posts excluding one category on blog home page?
problem saveOrUpdate object Hibernate (a different object with the same identifier session)
Spring Wire a Static Class
Well written Open Source Cocoa Apps to learn from
oracle 11g hibernate problem
Compare lists and get values with Linq
Trouble with Float in Objective-c
how to search the file in  the next level of the mac root ?
How to use Linq To Sql to count the idle working duration in a day?
Is there any tool that will document an SVN repository?
Generate random number
How to rewrite part of the url with .htaccess?
Wordpress register_activation_hook() + global variables + class problem
Hibernate custom type definitions
Mapping widget for Qt
CREATE TABLE reverse engineering in Oracle
Is there any way to programmatically "move" an oracle table definition from one database to another?
QT: downloadProgress not emitted from QNetworkReply
problem with oracle sqlplus with whitespace in the path of the @ command
Apache Django Mod_Wsgi Sessions Development Enviroment
DTrace on Leopard: No probes specified, even when I specify probes
Sql Server 2005 and Linq Transactions
Integrating QWT 6.0.1 with QT Creator/Designer 4.8.0
Workaround for Oracle 9i outputting CRLF when using utl_file.putraw() for BLOBs?
wordpress: actions, filters & hooks
magento router: How can i catch parameters in all urls?
NSStatusItem to be always left?
how to disable the alter panel caused by NSAlter automatic?
magento template creation
Bash script executting su command
commitimg to SVN protected repository
Writing SQL function with XQuery Parameters
simple Haskell question
How to automatically refresh excel formulas?
What is the difference between a SVN server and a HTTP server
Wordpress PHP Image change depending on a language
Oracle: Altering JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES question
Adding <span> tags around each primary item in Drupal
how to get a js png fix to work on ajax calls
Help getting inserted data after Qt's rowInserted signal
how do I best/easiest index my matlab (.m) files?
MATLAB ismember() problem
Select Multiple Fields from List in Linq
PHP & MySQL on Mac OS X: Access denied for GUI user
Looping over commands to print and execute in BASH
Can I execute a LINQ to SQL query from within a LINQ object?
How can I use the 'NVL' function on a result table?
How to trace a program from its very beginning without running it as root
Excel 2007 Visual Basic Editor: eats spaces, throws cursor around
Process for updating Excel add-in?
Drupal, Translating menu PATHS
SVN:List all checked in files
Getting duplicate entry errors from Hibernate, is MySQL to blame?
How do I setQueryTimeout on SimpleJdbcTemplate?
Hibernate/Spring3: could not initialize proxy - no Session
Simple library to do UTF-8 in Haskell (since Streams no longer compile)
Is direct-path insert a good way to do bulk inserts in Oracle?
How to map a resource file in QT 4.5?
Automatic dynamic binding in spring
How to force a browser to refresh a cached version of a webpage
another simple Haskell question
Oracle: Create table as select from another database?
My under development local drupal site become very slow, how to solve?
passing information from a Drupal Forms API validation function to a submit function
Reading the final name of a file downloaded using QNetworkAccessManager
Multi-lingual Drupal Site
How to implement very large scrolled view in Cocoa
Dynamic links in Drupal
xCode Error -  â€¦ undelcared â€¦
How to create Linked texbox in worksheet?
Why shouldn't I use a cursor rect on a rotated NSView subclass?
Linq to NHibernate vs. ICriteria
asp.net mvc add column to the database - how do i update the dbml file
creating a .dll on a mac: .dylib or framework?
How can I give alternative names to new objects created by LINQ?
Newbie Question: AJAX not "capturing" event without refresh
How can I debug WordPress in IIS?
How do I insert sysdate into a column using ODP and an XML dataset?
How can I use jQuery AJAX to update my Gridview?
SVN Repository Structure - Why is this better?
UrlFilenameViewController does not return View (Spring-MVC)
How to show full nodes in views in Drupal 6?
How to call Java web service (JAX-WS) from AJAX?
issue with submitChanges() inserting unwanted records in linq
How can I get apache to list a folders contents?
How to use Spring to inject an object in a setter that doesnt follow the Java bean specification ?
Response.redirect does not work with Ajax controls
Bash: Extract last parameter from "$@"
How does Subversion handle file permissions and a .htaccess file?
Multiple views and source list in a Core Data app
Hibernate transaction duplicate problem
Invoking methods in QThread's context
Hibernate Second level Cache <<net.sf.ehcache.hibernate.EhCacheProvider>>
Generating Excel Files with VB6
How do I rank nodes based on user-rating, number of comments etc. in Drupal 6
Is LINQ (or linq) a niche tool, or is it on the path to becoming foundational?
Using Mac for development
wordpress- have a specific type of "page/post" as "testimony". Possible? If so, how?
Apache's mod_rewrite and %{REQUEST_URI} problem
SVN externals change source to target directory
libapache2-svn, matching version with Subversion 1.6.1
How do I 'unhide' menu links to unauthorized content in Drupal 6?
OSX Application Bundle Working Directory
Hibernate Object Identity Question
Send HTML through Ajax POST
NSTableView switch column
what does equality to a range mean in excel macros?
how to grab my wordpress posts from different subdomain?
Commit from directory, not under version control, to override current revision
Apache mod_rewrite
Wordpress Theme Demo
bash: tee output AND capture exit status
How to use NSCollectionView and Outlets properly?
Bulk inserts with Spring / Hibernate
Drupal: Views: grouping relationship in block list
QGraphicsView and QGraphicsItem: donÂ´t scale item when scaling the view rect
No Magento Header & Custom Navigation
java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: Native Library {____.dll} already loaded in another classloader
Automatically Compile Linq Queries
How to deploy web service through oracle enterprise manager [Java]
Sleeping actors?
Problem running my project in IE 6.0 and 7.0
bash rename files
Hibernate Oracle and Character Encoding
Back button functionality to webpage with form and search result + Ajax (ASP.NET)
Apache 13 permission denied in user's home directory
LINQ TO DataSet: Multiple group by on a data table
What is the correct way to handle timezones in datetimes input from a string in Qt
svn rename problem
Acessing other webapps while one is in document root
adding single.php page to wordpress or if condition for main page or post detail page...
Case class to map in Scala
Haskell Parsing Error
Oracle: How do I convert hex to decimal in Oracle SQL?
Problem running my project in IE 6.0 and 7.0 (window.location)?
Problems with Drag and Drop in an NSOutlineView.
How can I represent intervallic rules in Excel financial models?
Spring Injecting into Struts RequestProcessor
tabIndex Attribute and AJAX
Need a little bit of help with text alignment in wordpress
Getting Oracle's MD5 to match PHP's MD5
Can I use Oracle SQL to plot actual dates from Schedule Information?
Whats wrong with this FIRST_VALUE query?
Need Help With AJAX-Enabled WCF Services (Please Look @ System.ServiceModel in Web.Config)
Annotate images using tools built into OS X
Sorting objects based on Double values?
Programmatically Activate NSMenuItem
Scala Traits Usage
LINQ - Select all children from an object hierarchy
How can I refresh core plot without returning from a method?
How can I use Maven to get the latest Hibernate release?
How do you get the history of a file/folder property in SVN?
Graph drawing for the Web 2.0
Excel: filter table rows by specified column value
Redirecting browser using AJAX
Inheriting std::istream or equivalent
Simplifying some Haskell code
Losing decimals when using Oracle SDO_POINT in a view
How can I tell which sessions are tracing (after a call to DBMS_MONITOR.SESSION_TRACE_ENABLE)
PL/SQL Logging - How to control?
Login to a site and then POST to a page in it
Changing SVN Repository
Automatic hyperlinking in Excel
Drupal: Access $profile from a block
Drupal Templating/Theming Resources or Advice?
Is there a tool to read a subversion repository via .net?
Add a single Bash command
Getting the index of the substring on solaris
How to maintain a locally modified copy of an external svn repository
Drupal's profile_save_profile Doesn't Work in hook_cron, When Run by the Server's cron
LINQ - writing a query with distinct and orderby
How can you access SVN over HTTP in a Windows environment?
Qt dialog with no window icon
Storing Data in URIs After Hash
Hibernate 'tableless' enum mapping?
Bash string comparison syntax
Programming in Lua for the Mac?
Hibernate: bad performance when removing element from many-to-many relation.
Finding the leaves of an inductively-defined tree
Spring 2 Hibernate Annotation
Create DMG file
Qt QTabWidget icon problem
Integrating Haskell in non-functional projects
In Subversion, is it possible to merge back changes made in a branch of a branch?
Creating a .bashrc function to search through all files for a particular string
Command to Sleep Display OSX
Doing an AJAX request to a website that might be up, or might be down
Hibernate cannot remove child from database
How can I remove all my changes in my SVN working directory
Wordpress post sync / publish to production
Two approaches of task distribution in a multi tier application
Merging uncommitted changes into some other branch using SVN
Ajax and record ID's
Hibernate one to many using something other than a primary key
Preferred way to create a scala list
Thinking of new way of building a db page populating data via api calls - are there any issues doing it this way
Linq | Date | Subtraction with matching issue
Dynamic selects in LINQ
Spring Annotation-based controllers not working if it is inside jar file
Uninstalling partially installed XCode + iPhone SDK
Subversion branch question
Problems with IBOutlet getting nil.
apache mod_rewrite affecting files inside sub folder
What are the biggest differences between Scala 2.8 and Scala 2.7?
Is there anything like Haskell's 'maybe' function built into scala?
QPixmap of a QGraphicsTextItem
GUI And Command line SVN Client
How to build qt out of source
LINQ to SQL C# COALESCE
Practical use of futures? Ie, how to kill them?
AJAX jQuery.load versus jQuery.get
Smaller SpreadsheetML files through Excel 2007
DIV identified by WebDevToolbar isnt in file?
Can you pass stdin into unix host/dig command?
How can I assign the match of my regular expression to a variable?
GNU make --jobs option in QMAKE
What is the most elegant way to implement a business rule relating to a child collection in LINQ?
Spring Datasource and Database Schema
How to get linq result as string array?
A way to parse terminal output / input ? (.bashrc ?)
Is it possible  to declaratively configure the spring.net cache rather using attributes
Incorrect MacOSX select() behaviour on non-blocking connect
BASH, escaping single-quotes inside of single-quoted strings
how to base64 encode /dev/random or /dev/urandom?
Encoding string arguments for URLs
How to prevent a jquery Ajax call from scrolling a form with an input to the top of browser window
Safari plugin development
Need a good jQuery/AJAX tutorial (form upload related)
Do all browsers support PHP's $_SERVER['HTTP_X_REQUESTED_WITH']?
Cocoa webView - Disable all interaction
Scala actors: receive vs react
Move files to directories based on first part of filename?
Drupal jQuery won't load in IE using $(document).ready()
How do I view all ignored patterns set with svn:ignore recursively in an svn repository?
cvs for Mac OSX
Observing self in Cocoa
Scala: How to define "generic" function parameters?
Howto: Drupal File Upload Form
Is Haskell mature enough for developing commerical web applications?
How to define a cyclic type definition?
bash string to date
What is a good regular expression tester for OS X?
Importing Pantomime for sending email!
How do I implement a customized list in Cocoa?
Hibernate Criteria API - how to order by collection size?
Calling an blocking Actor from within an Actor
Should I remove QDebug header for release?
map url to controller
Create XML using Linq to XML and arrays
wordpress, cron & time - does time on server affects plugins? how to fix it?
Array Constants in Excel
Building a library with Visual Studio that can be linked to a Qt project?
Drupal Module Development hook_menu() For Semi Static Pages
How to manipulate ajax loaded content?
Strange SVN scenario - checkouts need to update with no SSH access
Dynamic Results and Covering Data
Palindromes in Haskell
IQueryable efficiency
Elevating rights to use mach_inject
Rewrite only a specific file using MOD_REWRITE
Does ClearCase fit our development process?
How does the Mac Web Dash board app work?
Group by weekdays with Core Data
D6: how to get at node fields in preprocess_page() ?
How do I put an QImage with transparency onto the clipboard for another application to use?
Apache Redirect 301 fails when using GET parameters, such as ?blah=...
Excel 2003 Charting: Chart Data Too Complex
WebSphere and PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer
springsource tool suite (eclipse) tutorial?
Wordpress "search engine friendly" urls ( permalinks) implementation
How to encrypt and decrypt a file with Qt/C++?
Hibernate - How to cascade delete on detached objects
Scala: how to merge a collection of Maps
Add to file if exists and create if not
Setting up an ftp server on OSx server edition
Refreshing/replacing beans in the ApplicationContext.  Possible or am I missing the point?
Using Haskell for sizable real-time systems: how (if?) ?
Failed to try  function "permutations" in ghci , Haskell
Is a variable in javascript available after loading an iframe and then going back to the page?
string interpolation in haskell
Starting editing on a Row as soon as it is Added.
Infinite loop when running code in terminal from xcode
log4j:WARN No appenders could be found for logger in web.xml
cannot display view after handler call it
SVN - merge one branch into another?
Recompiled Qt libraries with VS, now why won't Qt Creator compile?
Linq Efficiency question - foreach vs aggregates
Javascript and AJAX, only works when using alert()
How can i register a global custom editor in Spring-MVC ?
Use local Git repository with a master Subversion repository.
set Request Header in javascript
Compiling Qt libraries to run with Visual Studio 2008, why does nmake fail?
Scriptaculous Ajax.InPlaceEditor: How to trigger cancel action?
How to avoid SVN conflicts when merging branch back into trunk
How should I organize implicits in my Scala application?
where bindding in Haskell
Drupal: truncate word sentence length function?
Comparing 3 output lists in haskell
Scala immutable SortedSet are not "stable" on deletion
Can I trust Cocoa APIs not to fail silently, or do I have to defensively check everything?
Is it possible to provide default value for subscripting in Matlab?
What's the syntax for the create table statement in Excel?
Web application deployment to limited user population
Qt, set background images loaded from disk
MS Excel 2003 - Anyone know how to delete rows that contain duplicate data?
Update from svn wtihout merging automatically
Porting a Python app that uses Psyco to Mac
Custom dock area using Qt 4.4
Hibernate Oracle Tablespace Annotation
Selecting the max with a condition in excel
Matlab: string finding
Easy way to get size of folder (ObjC/Cocoa) ?
Advanced linq book?
jdbctemplate, jpatemplate
How many connections/how much bandwidth can Apache handle?
template method pattern
QT 4.5 - how do I perform a queued connection with a template type?
jQuery AJAX live update on multiple elements on the same page
Matlab "out of memory" error
Find all Folders in Root Directory
how to put linq to sql in a separate project?
Table Name Troubles With Hibernate Named Query
How Do I Comment A Core Data Schema?
Introducing Spring MVC
Is there an easy, simple, lazy way to test rules against Apache's mod_rewrite?
Add incremented property to IEnumerable by group using LINQ
@Autowired and TransactionProxyFactoryBean?
How to create an iPod-esque UISlider
Suggestions for Fun Web Programming Projects at Home
How to make an NSString path (file name) safe
Drupal for users creating "sub"-users?
Jquery, Ajax form and redirection
SSI escape HTML output
matlab:find the 4th vertice of a parallelogram
Ordinal Weekday Suffix Option for NSDateFormatter setDateFormat
Scala: What is the difference between while(true) and loop?
LINQ, ASP.net mvc and joins
How to get the range of occupied cells in excel sheet
Read entire file in Scala?
Java Execution Context Class Explain
Odd problem using addObserver:forKeypath:options:context: in init method
Count matching characters between two strings using LINQ
.htaccess folder protection
Excel: Use a cell value as a parameter for a SQL query
Get Drupal Paths During node 'insert' operation with Pathauto enabled?
Drupal Coding Standards for Commercial Use?
when close the top window ,how to let the focus to the next level window?
Why are my property get_ and set_ not exposed in an AJAX Control?
Handling null results with the Linq Avarage() method
Linq: GetElementAt() equivalent for retrieving multiple items?
call valang validator in MultiActionController ModelAndView method... possible? how?
Developing for Mac OS X, on Windows?
Hibernate and Sql Server best Practicies
Syntax for a single-line BASH infinite while loop
Console in Mac OpenGL application
Drupal with Texy and GeSHi
Qt Play/Pause Action?
Alternative to poseAsClass in Mac OS X 10.5 and higher?
Show/hide QDockWidget?
How to get Scala plugin and AJDT to be installed in same Eclipse
How to calculate a monthly average when the month is not finished
LINQ with ATOM feeds
Adding index field to LINQ List <T> results using C#
Phonon VideoWidget error: "the video widget could not be	initialized correctly"
Why does the '#weight' property sometimes not have any effect in Drupal forms?
Breaking a cell if it contains a newline character
SIGPIPE Exception
Encode ALL urls in Drupal?
How do I build up LINQ dynamically
How to force Linq to update last edit time of a row?
How to use SBT (Simple Build Tool) with Google App Engine?
Wordpress 2.8+ and IE8 display problems?
Aggregate LINQ results
Forcing Spring's MBeanExporter to use a particular MBeanServer
Linq to Sql Add Child records
Adding Zend Framework to php.ini include_path causes Drupal site to go blank
Problems with the PHP script to generate the licenses in Aquatic Prime
Javascript link in drupal view
(emulated) Macros in Haskell?
Create a padded, centered, scaled NSImage
Query about Apache (httpd) dumpio log entry for the Request body which is coming NULL on Tomcat side
how templates work on wordpress?
What changes do I need to make Magento work with PHP 5.3?
Hibernate join tables duplicate entry - Could not execute JDBC batch update
Excel - "File Not Found: VBA6.DLL"
Attach Qt windows?
Excel parsing and converting text
Pentaho Acegi Security Framework Digest Authentication & Ruby on Rails
Running a PHP through Ajax on Unload
Inner queries in LINQ
Removing parts of a cell
HTML Form/Database query
Invoking drupal
Apache Felix Bundle Repository - Calling from another bundle
Manually select related table data when quering in LINQ to SQL
global properties in spring
How to load php file using ajax. Some Compatibility Problem
Using a query string in an excel hyperlink to an ASP.Net Web Application
How do you declare a by-reference parameter variable for use in a Linq query?
"Click to execute" in Mac OS X
Building which properties to select with LINQ To Object
Create Delete/Edit buttons for muliple records from linq using hidden value?
ALiasing fields in linq.
How should I think about Scala's Product classes?
Exit status code for Expect script called from Bash
Apache FOP: Displaying UTF-8 Characters in PDF (without embed?)
How to know when a web page is loaded when using QtWebKit?
Hibernate Criteria contains-in on an association to a table
List of all users and groups
Properties editor design pattern?
linq sql error : the text data type cannot be selected as distinct because it is not comparable.
OSX: changing path of dylib
Aspectj in spring
GHC parse error which I do not understand
How to write that special select query
How to show ajax loading gif animation while the page is loading?
How to instantiate an instance of type represented by type parameter in Scala
magento - Allow Countries - What does this mean?
hardening drupal for a  live deployment
Loading my private key for use in git on Mac
Mapping to varchar and nvarchar in hibernate
Using the php substr on the_permalink() in WordPress
Hibernate unidirectional one to many association - why is a join table better?
LINQ many to many Left Join Grouping
Any way to rename image filenames?
Linq SaveChanges question
How to maintain LINQ deferred execution?
Executing Javascript functions from an AJAX - HTML response.
How can I stop PHP notices from appearing in wordpress?
Scala: Mutable vs. Immutable Object Performance - OutOfMemoryError
Launch an app on OS X with command line
wordpress: How can I display multiple pages on one page?
Sharing WordPress session cookie with MediaWiki
Circular Dependency and Spring-powered Event Queue
Apache mod-rewrite folder overwrite
Hibernate @OneToMany without a separate join table
Displaying code snippets in wordpress.
Selecting, Grouping on child list -> Single statement requested.
How to test filename expansion result in bash?
What's the "functional way" to avoid passing state-choosing context down the call stack?
Joining two tables over a compound index in Hibernate
Why doesn't Wordpress plugin 'WP-Syntax' color Java well?
Un-Recognized Selector Sent to Instance Error.
What is the right way to modify a wordpress query in a plugin?
How to extract a meta tag from XML/HTML using Linq?
BASH copy all files expect one.
Countdown Timer in Cocoa
Cocoa String Question
Reorganize folders with a script
Equivalent of user32.dll on OS X
Haskell: HStringTemplate inheritance example?
basic xmlHttp question
How to create a link to a configurable item in Magento?
Does "LINQ to DQL" exist?
What rendering API does Qt use on Windows?
How to reduce Scala (/ Java) startup overhead?
Is there potential starvation in this code or is it just me?
How does codeandtheory's live search work?
Excel - bottom border if text is present?
web based application server Implementation
rails ajax update only once
Learning AppleScript
Spring can't see my imported classes
Install macruby to specific directory?
How does TextMate draw it's own key equivalents in NSMenuItem
Introduction or simple examples for iteratee?
QT Database Interface... best place to get started?
Read a specific Element Value based on a specific Attribute in Linq?
How to Rotate a CALayer-backed NSView subclass
Get annoted hibernate tablename from POJO
System.Runtime.InteropServices.COMException : This command is unavailable because the license to use this application has expired.
How to change tint color of Cocoa's NSLevelIndicator?
Update two different values with one AJAX respons
Default permissions of /dev on Mac OS X 10.5.*
Search Box in QToolbar
Hide buttons from titlebar in Cocoa
How to get hibernate-entitymanager to work with JTA out of JBoss?
What would be the best way to use python's functions from excel ?
Objective c categories and performance?
Interface builder segmented controls?
Easily Creating Dynamic Form/Controls Within Qt
jquery tab gives 404 sometimes when loading remote content
Wordpress: Two different Permalinks for same Blog
Joining tables in LINQ/SQL
NSFileHandle readInBackgroundAndNotify does not work
Alternatives to multimethods in Scala or Jython
Filtering collection with LINQ
How best to debug a crash within objc_msgSend?
Mac OS X Tiger vs Leopard usage pervasiveness - any study?
Getting rows from a SQL table matching a dictionary using LINQ
Weird Qt bug (to do with properties editor)
Excel Solver not obeying binary constraint
How to implement seasonal logos in Drupal?
Where can I systematically study how to write Mac OS X device drivers?
Enabling italics in vim syntax highlighting for mac terminal
How to insert an "Optimizer hint" to Hibernate criteria api query
Get current playing song using Cocoa
htaccess in wordpress, problem with sending get data
Preventing ajax-jquery loaded external file from caching in IE
Guitar Tablature and Music sheet oriented plugins for wordpress or Drupal
Drupal theme functions workflow in module
Why the Observer in NSNotification called twise....    ?
Why are there more files/hardlinks with the same iNode than the reference count shows?
Entity Framework - dynamic sql
MATLAB functions in C++
Haskell: -fglasgow-exts should one avoid code that requires this?
Rails + MS SQL + Mac OS X
Binding IKImageBrowserView's zoom to the size of its parent NSScrollView
Bug in HYPERLINK() in Excel 2003 SpreadsheetML implementation
In Qt, how do I align form elements in different group boxes?
NSIndexPath incrementing values
How do I rewrite this hibernate-mapping with annotations?
Why the name 'Hibernate' chosen for Hibernate?
how to use ajax datepicker in vb.net 2.0
Magento - Retrieve products with a specific attribute value
How to get Excel to ignore apostrophe in beginning of cell
google gin? use with spring?
How can I filter blog posts by author?
How to notify my JS client without polling?
Google Adwords conversion on form submission in Drupal
Change owner on publish node in Drupal
PHP Content-Length header always zero
why the sql query is different on that linq query when run on c# and on vb.net?
Is there a way to generate a Unique Identifier (in SQL Server newid()) in Excel 2007
hibernate workflow
How can I make sure that FirstOrDefault<KeyValuePair> has returned a value
(less ugly way to) slice an array in bash
Automatically refresh Drupal node after hook_view
Why a hard coded string var is changing when the bash script is run as root ?
Measuring text width in Qt
How do I count wildcard characters using Excel COUNTIF?
Run-time error '-2147352567 (80020009)'
How to connect a slot to signal QProcess::started() ? QT
How to reverse a QList?
Summation notation in Haskell
QT vs. Delphi and Align possibilities
select in HQL (hibernate)
Drupal contact form not displaying a theme?
Scala BigDecimal division
Scala profiler?
OR operator in Drupal View Filters
Hibernate EntityManager + JOTM: transactions are not used
No results in Spotlight in searches against kMDItemPath
Update of of Composite Entity fails
Drupal: Custom Content Type validation
$Body_Classes Variable in Drupal
mod_rewrite: setting GET depending on HTTP_HOST
How can I force the type of an array when initialized in Scala?
How powerful is Drupal really?
HQL 1 to many count() question
Modal custom sheet not closing
Creating a "Breaking News" div with ajax if file exists?
Haskell: type inference and function composition
Converting enum into a class hierarchy
Drupal Webforms module - Form results say "Array" instead of form values
Excel formula to get ranking position
taglib.framework for cocoa
what is the Benefit from Scala ?
How can I get Wordpress archives by author username?
Configuring Spring based servlet with sysadmin defined properties
Wordpress - multiple WP Query objects into one?
Object converting string into "A"
osx: how do I find the size of the disk i/o cache (write cache, for example)
give perspective to UIImageView
Writing to files in bundle?
Advantages to adding Spring to Flex
Scala Parser Issues
Trouble configuring AspectJ LTW with Tomcat and Spring
Dropdown menu in IE6 inserting too much width, not dropping-down
QT UI for existing C++ project
What are good application containers for mid-tier services for scala?
Determine a process's architecture
g:set blocks out my code
Wordpress blog date function
Guess encoding when creating an NSString from NSData
qt moc.exe not generating *.moc file
How does Type Deduction work in Haskell?
Eclipse development on the Mac
QCalendarWidget as "Pop-up", not as new Widget?
Why does Macports take FOREVER to build simple packages?
assigning "active" class to navigation--wordpress
Source install Apache 2.2.13 + PHP 5.3 + Snow Leopard
Where can I store a QAction(Group) ID?
How to auto activate WordPress widgets? (New Widgets_API WP_Widget class)
Custom/Owner draw control in PyQt?
htaccess 301 Redirection for Multiple Files
Drupal best practises for custom admin section
Qt -- pass events to multiple objects?
Passing BASH arguments
In WordPress, restrict number of posts a user can post in a day
VB.NET equivalent of optional Range argument in VBA function
Read password protected excel file using OLEDB in C#
update progress and it shows image while data is pulled from Database.  but need  to  block the  screen
Apache & JBoss use port 80 at the same time
Changing word delimiters in bash
WordPress : highlight parent categories while browsing category
Qt jpg image display
Set a custom icon for a QAction when disabled
Why is Clojure much faster than Scala on a recursive add function?
How to map inner object using Hibernate/JPA without xml/annotation?
Mysterious word ("LPS") appears in a list of Haskell output
PyObjc and Cocoa on Snow Leopard
how do I package support files in a cocoa app
Replace chars in file by index
What does it mean when AuthorizationExecuteWithPrivileges() returns -1?
magento payment process.. how it works in general
Persist collection fields with hibernate
Finding the Latest Post by Author
Automatically log out
Using a static library in QT Creator...
Transactional strategy for Hibernate L2 Cache
How can I make custom Wordpress comments form?
command substitution but without breaking output into multiple arguments
How to detect if filter(s) changed on a worksheet?
Maximum size of Actor Queues?
How can I use the /home directory on Mac OS X
Wanted: Good examples for Scala database persistence
VB.NET/COM Server code way slower than Excel VBA code
How to create stand-alone lift web application?
Apache - Rewrite Rule confusion [ahhh]
How to write a proper null-safe coalescing operator in scala?
Running X11 Server on MacOS X - and connecting from a remote machine
How can I force invalidation of a Cocoa program without additional custom code?
Start Up Question..
How to access images on a directory outside of the web application
How to trigger an event on payment received in magento?
Creating an .exe file from an excel spreadsheet
NSBezierPath / Line Intersection / flatten
Why do we use hibernate annotation?
Spring MVC and parsing HTML
how do I do a single point authentication with php, apache and LDAP
Applying mod_rewrite rules AFTER DirectoryIndex is applied
QT question: What is the purpose of the *.pro file?
Apache SetEnvIf trouble
Notify upon background jobs finishing running in bash
Executing a simple task on another thread in scala
Drupal: replacing field value in View
How to Create OpenGL 3 Context with Qt 4?
Updating built in Spring/Hibernate Archetype in Maven?
Running script with admin permissions on OS X
Cocoa application architecture on Mac OS X
Spring RegisterSingleton
cocoa Document-based applications
Splitting data into trainning/testing datasets in MATLAB?
Scala Enumeration and readResolve
Patch for Wordpress Remote Admin Reset Password Vulnerability
Drupal field with mp3 files in - play as playlist with titles
Does It Make Sense to Move to 64-bit for a "Typical" Mac OS X Application
How to get and display post's "position" in the query?
Inheritance via Hibernate Annotation
How to read Excel file in c# by connection string?
Subfolder for website on Mac OS X
Passing CGI arguments to an executable in Apache on Windows
Determining ManyToMany vs OneToMany using ClassMetadata
how to detect a build error from ant/maven via a bash script?
Qt auto software version?
Can I have a collection of IUserType instances?
Table not created by Hibernate
Implementing "this is taking too long" message with jQuery
What is difference between DELETE_ORPHAN and DELETE ?
Adding HTML to Drupal closure?
In a bash script, how can I exit the entire script if a certain condition occurs?
Displaying WebCam video with Qt
attempt to create saveOrUpdate event with null entity
How to create non-blocking methonds in Scala?
Learning Sclala.
Massive URL Change
How to map old paths to Drupal paths
mod_rewrite redirect to URL with propietary protocol
Imagemagick, Snow Leopard and PDF Conversion
Parse file upload directly without writing to the file system
@OneToOne getting returned as ManyToOneType
cocoa/objective-c: get macbook icon
Guides/ tutorials for beginner OS X app development?
Can I inject an interface subtype in Spring?
Drupal 6: How can I "turn off" a page?
is there any shopping cart plugin for Wordpress MU (not for wordpress)?
Cocoa App: How distribute beta versions?
Capturing all multitouch trackpad input in Cocoa
why does the cocoa 64 bit garbage collector not release memory?
Reading SWF Header with Objective-C
Replace important symbolic link â€˜safelyâ€™
Thickbox problem - appearing at bottom of page
Making an NSAlert be displayed when the User attempts to delete a row from an NSOutlineView when it has children.
graph database to store several time based data values, result of simulation
WordPress widget (or sidebar) hooks
Drupal PHP pages without having a DB Query?
Is using "global" user in Drupal dangerous?
Confused about user profiles in drupal
How do i get wp nonce value for my php libcurl script
Auto Generating Hibernate Entities
How can I set up Cocoa style keyboard shortcuts in Mac Terminal.app?
Core Data bindings with subviews and multiple NIBs
Not a valid Office Add In
How to format numbers according to locale in Haskell?
Excel vba: error hiding calculated field in Pivot tale
Updating NSTableView in an instance of NSCollectionViewItem
wx file error when using Haskell
cast(val as char) in hibernate config named query
Drupal: updating with Drush doesn't change update status
Why is Qt looking for my slot in the base class instead of derived one?
How do I reverse escape backslash ecodings like "\ " and "\303\266" in bash?
how do i find out what version of wordpress is running
MVC Ajax Begin form hides submit button on ajax call
Hibernate with Tomcat vs Hibernate with JBoss
Modifying content type INPUT page?
Adding forced preview to node and change submit button value in Drupal?
How does one tell if there is an active network connection on OS X?
Getting Post Information Outside the Wordpress Loop
How do I use POST with ajax?
how to find keyboard in /dev on osx
iphone 3g network problem
What information can be gathered about remote host on ssh login
Updating multiple DIVs via AJAX is inconsistent
Scala overriding a def with a var
How to have an NSMenu with dynamic actions
Apache returns sitemap.xml not /sitemap
D6: a homepage with only blocks?
Adding  libraries in /usr to xcode
Drupal administration theme doesn't apply to Blocks pages (admin/build/block)
AJAX Length Limitations
Why does hibernate not find properties when I have hibernate.cfg.xml in my default package classpath?
Parse error of nested tuples in scala
Determine if WindowServer is available?
Using Node Data after Node is Created
Bash: Detect if user's path has a specific directory in it
How to start playing with Lift framework?
cocoa NIB files + localization
Hibernate Entity sort column configuration
Wordpress error?
Changing NSApplicationIcon across a running application?
mod_rewrite - splitting up arbitary number of terms?
drupal: adding simple links to a block
How to run processes piped with bash on multiple cores?
Haskell Sample Projects
Bash - Remove non-word characters from a file but keep newlines?
Change input value on Wordpress' get_search_form()
MATLAB Subplot Export
Drupal development: performance
Magento locate CMS page in cms.xml
drupal menu item not active
Using Hibernate sequence generators manually
QTimer firing issue in QGIS(Quantum GIS)
YYYY-MM-DD format date in shell script
How to include the sqlite3 library "libsqlite3.0.dylib" in my application source file?
NSMenu with IBAction method for clicking the menu header?
cocoa + dynamic text labels on NIB file
What are the best steps to improve magento performance?
Combine tab-separated value (TSV) files into an Excel 2007 (XLSX) spreadsheet
In what case would a programmer get the webApplicationContext out of DispatchServlet?
Can MacOSX  group multiple NSApplications so they look like one?
Will backdated posts show up in current feeds when posted now?
Problem in Line Editor in Qt?
Lift image upload, resize, store in database, display
How to organize files in Haskell programs?
UNIX/OSX version of semtimedop
No principal in request after Apache basic authentication (basic-auth) with mod_jk
NSMatrix and autoresize only certain cells?
Different code / config in Release & Debug build (Obj-C)
Find all PPC libraries, binaries and applications in Snow Leopard
Spring.NET Expression that References an Object Definition
ajax push server
Flex + Spring + BlazeDS + Glassfish + OpenMQ - How do you configure the web-application-config for OpenMQ?
Creating a checkbox programatically using Cocoa
cocoa + nsmenu item
Hibernate logging with log4j
How to create List from Range
Getting an other program output as input on the fly
Client Side Templates in javascript how to bind data
Freezing Row 1 and Column A at the same time
Drupal tagging via tagadelic
SQL last insert in Drupal. Is it really threadsafe?
Excel Range Format: Number is automatically formatted when Range::Value2 is set
What is the missing parameter in connection pooling?
Magento & vertnav extension
How to change style for nodes in NSOutlineView?
How to split a file and keep the first line in each of the pieces?
Disqus Commenting without notification on top
AJAX polling of a URL returning JSON doesn't seem to return fresh responses (using jQuery $.ajax() method)
Listing Apache Derby Active Connections
Hibernate Mapping Package
Wordpress and MySQL Collations
OSX Equivalent of WinSCP's Fully-Automated Local-Remote SFTP Sync?
stackoverflow "Related Questions"
Mac X Framework Kernel not found
Problem using Network package in GHC
Using NSFontPanel in Cocoa
Python - Virtualenv , python 3?
Hidden features of Spring framework ?
How to sort a view using Durpal Fivestar average ratings?
AppDelegate or AppController
Using .htaccess and mod_rewrite in a directory (not root)
NSDocument architecture pros and cons
Qt QPushbutton Icon above Text
What is the reason for NSFileManager's inconsistent use of NSURL?
Setting one side of an NSSplitView programmatically
mac screensaver start event
Wordpress: How to get a thumbnail post plugin to work...
QSqlQuery with International chars does not return a result
Does the isSelect-method of QSqlQuery return true when a stored procedure is executed?
Inserting a jfree chart in excel using jsp
looking for 'sed' like functionality in Excel
Qt Creator: â€œinline function used but never definedâ€ â€“ why?
What's the real advantage of using ScriptManager.RegisterClientScriptResource?
JavaScript and CSS
source all files in a directory from .bash_profile
This is asking a lot, I know, but: Help me translate this Glossary plugin for WP
Any reason to use NSViewAnimation over CoreAnimation techniques?
incompatible types found: required: default enums in annotations
AJAX: How do I make the button submit after I press "Enter"?
Parsing older SpreadsheetML Schemas
application-context.xml problem for Spring ActionScript
Native Stored Proc v/s Hibernate
NHibernate one-to-many relationship lazy loading when already loaded
How can i decide the no of connection required in connection pooling?
Excel: Set background colour of cell to rgb value of data in cell.
BASH script: Downloading consecutive numbered files with wget
Create Excel document from a ContentType in SharePoint
Scala Remote Actor Security
Debug Qt application among dlls
File Conversion using cocoa
Keep QPixmap copy of screen contents using X11, XDamage, XRender, and other tricks.
Spring - Ways to include a jar which itself is using Spring in a Spring project
Ajax doesn't work in iPhone safari
Retrieving the selected object in an NSOutlineView.
wordpress plugin to upload file directly to amazon s3
Mac OSX System menu name w/Java?
How do I expose Excel 2003 Spreadsheets to PerformancePoint 2007?
Bash / PHP quoting command line argument
Using xsl:include with AJAX/XSLT
Amcharts rendering data incorrectly.
Bash: How to flush output to a file while running
How to remove Installation of MySQL on Mac OS X
Hibernate mapping error
magento - multiple tax rates
Drupal module for webmaster block management?
How do you enable hibernate query cache on a session level only?
how to iterate in snap framework without cabal install
How to use native C types with performSelectorOnMainThread:?
or is not valid C++ : why does this code compile ?
Printing an NSImage
How to build a consolidated pivot table when the source data contains column headings that are dates?
Is Asp.Net Ajax only used at presentation layer, or also at Business Logic layer?
Structural Type Dispatch in Scala
Unable to access Excel Form Objects through VBA when Items are Grouped
Pulling date and time values from excel (CSV) to C#
LSOpenURLSpec error
spring enabled web application
QWT plugin for QT 4.5
How to get started with Cocoa application development?
How do you output a line break in the command view in Matlab when running a m-file?
hibernate createSQLQuery bulk insert
Troubleusing map in Haskell
How to import a .hs file in Haskell
Hibernate Update with 1:many mapping
mailmerge seem to open excel file twice?
spring ioc and JSR168 Portlets
How do I  install and use wordpress.org  GeSHi syntaxhighlighter
Drupal: Different output for first item in a block
How do I tell when a CUPS print jobs has been completed plus info about that job?
Retrieving & Displaying data from csv files using AJAX
Static libraries in version-cross-compiled program
AJAX C# AutoCompleteExtender contextKey
How to set the line where a QToolBar is displayed?
Increase JVM heap size for Scala?
Creating Cocoa PopUpMenus programatically and Getting code form a GUI item built with the interface builder
How can I check my AJAX for browser capable?
cocoa + skip os generated files
How can I receive notifications of filesystem changes in OS X?
Excel: Removing duplicates in one column while retaining highest value in the adjacent column.
Cannot run JBoss Cache as a second level cache for Hibernate in JBoss 5
Drupal: best practice to arrange various Drupal entities into one site /subsection
OSX php.ini memory limits
Excel: how to start macro recording from OLE
Bash script for downloading files with Curl
What is Scala blogs that you regularly follow?
Drupal 6: How do I only call up "events" by upcoming date?
Java spring database application won't quit reference to org.enhydra.jdbc.pool.PoolKeeper is still active why?
Write a Haskell interpreter in Haskell
How to rollover the standard output from bash?
Matlab's Garbage Collector
Open a terminal window to a specified folder from a Cocoa app.
Possible to change location of the login landing?
Scala inconsistant type signatures: Range.toList and Range.toArray
How can I show NEW products per row from specific categories in Magento?
qt GUI connecting
Creating a nag screen for a Cocoa app
awk '{print $9}' the last ls -l column including any spaces in the file name.
setting page access permissions in drupal
When I set NHibernate "adonet.batch_size" the sql not logged any more.
Is there a way of making normal links automatically load through ajax, rather than normally?
URL Segment Support macosx 10.6
Concurrent network client in Cocoa
Spring list beans by type
Magento, translate validation error messages
Get function value of a instance method in Scala
Cocoa Helper app
Multi-column sort with VBA
magento price getPrice() value
Estimating a Spring/Hibernate project.
EXC_BAD_ACCESS when using NSOutlineView
What is free tagging?
Generate vector code from Haskell?
Duplicate records in Core Data on fetch
Extract Data from CSV in Bash script (Sed, AWK, Grep?)
Timing a Curl Operation in Bash
Casting an mmapped ByteString to other types?
storing modified image in iphone.
how to remove large amount of files using rm
How to keep database connect alive?
How to detect transaction conflicts with Hibernate?
QT creator Installation error? - Snow Leopard
Drupal State Machines, usage and alternatives
Ajax Links and jquery
Before Login Action
Hibernate lazy initialization help
Mac OSX 10.6 compiler: a puzzling experience with 32 vs 64 bit.
Commenting in BASH script
Can i limit apache+passenger memory usage on server without swap space
How to add a Hibernate property that's really a query
What do I put in the config.xml file to override linkAction in Downloadable (Magento controller)?
NSTextView with tokens
NSTableView, multiple cells and bindings
How to print an array to a .txt file in Matlab?
Grouping non-cck fields in Drupal?
How to read input from a text file in Matlab?
Print a string in matlab in color
NSTask returning HTTP Headers
Drupal: How to return only content and not the whole layout?
MATLAB: function makes 4 recursive calls. I have a 4-core processor. Can I parallelize?
How to get the currently logged in user's role in wordpress?
Turning threaded, reverse chrono Drupal story comments into Reddit-style comments
Qt and serial port programming
MATLAB gui loads old settings
Integrating Apache and Restlet server like Apache and Tomcat
Awk pattern macthing
line of bash code from .configure file
bash script to perform operation on each argument against the final argument
Excel Pivot table range reference
How to set up a global prefix and suffix used in each error field in Spring ?
How does one relaunch Finder programmatically?
Excel 2007 - Sheets.add from template file loses formatting
Loop through each row of a range in Excel
Should I use Spring or Guice for a Tomcat/Wicket/Hibernate project?
Drupal 6: form_state values empty on submit
Ajax timeout but server side not terminate
Concurrent AJAX interval polling
How to create a bold, red text label in Qt?
DefaultAnnotationHandlerMapping via ContextLoaderListener instead of DispatcherServlet on Spring 3
magento admin usernames
sending ajax request
Securing xml plists in Cocoa / Objective C
What is the best alternative way of montoring apache Active MQ other than using JMX API
Spring - How to load a new hierarchical context?
How to use Intel C++ Compiler with Qt Creator
Unable to publish web app: SpringSource Tool Suite problem?
Drupal: Create custom search
How to draw a progress bar inside a list widget in Qt
Cocoa Check for Updates
PHP Server settings causing problem
configure apache 6 with mysql
Drupal 6: onkeyup event to a custom form field
druapl form alter to populate url arguments
Pivot table Values are now screwy
How do you execute SQL from within a bash script?
Cocoa menu with images
Excel IQY file - Usage Option question
Object relational mapping in Qt
Spring - Weird Error in Bean Creation
cannot reach readystate=4
AJAX Response not working in FF
Best Practice for Wordpress Theme Functionality
Wordpress OR Joomla?
Firefox : Open XLSX file not saving file butn opening binary.
What folder should my application write its launchd file?
How do I abort a MATLAB m-file function from C/C++?
NHibernate using single configuration file to connect to multiple dbs
Hibernate query by example (from Spring 3)
See Page Source on a ajax based implementation
Global variable in Qt, how to?
How to extend Java interface containing generic methods in Scala
Sorting a range by the order of another list in Excel
How do I help prevent my users from initiating a drag accidentally in Cocoa?
most effective row removal strategy for QStandardItemModel
Stuck with JVM, Sick of Java... Where to go?
deleting an excel file in C#, Taskmanager process is not stopped.....
Implement IP camera
how to check if a string has spaces in bash shell
Synchronize shell script execution
Accessing a VSTO application-addin types from VBA (Excel)
Retrieving the First Non-Option Command Line Argument
Hibernate UserType nullSafeSet - how to know if called for insert/update or select
Comparing Two Arrays.
Haskell function composition
magento stock management with external inventory management program
Updated content is not loading, when working with AJAX.
What uses have you found for higher-rank types in Haskell?
Attributes on Many-to-Many relationships (Hibernate)
OS X counterpart to Windows' SetTimer
Find all nodes that have an attribute that matches a certain value with scala
How to pass multiple parameters to tests that share the same setup code in Matlab xUnit?
Nested case in bash script
Build failure during install py25-gtk on Mac OS X 10.6 using MacPorts 1.8
Can you return an unevaluated function in scala?
How can I mix and match custom Spring schema types with traditional Spring schema types?
What are the ways to convert/encode to AAC in Cocoa?
How do I go from 1.4795e+004 to 14795.00 ??
NSTextField on top of custom drawing - black outline and cursor not blinking?
setOpaque:YES vs clearColor
Why does WordPress prefix its column names with the table name?
Why is WordPress considered to be poorly programmed?
Why do scala implicitly convert Char to Int?
Minimizing Mfc application with open Qt dialog
Broken Java Mac 10.6
Hibernate: Foreign key has the wrong number of columns
QT: problem with creation of C++ library
Haskell function taking a long time to process
Making a Method happen every 60 seconds when the App is running.
Used MacPorts to install WordPress. Where is it now?
Install two different versions of PHP in Mac OS X
Should I use Delegate Classes if I want items to be edited using a dialog in Qt?
How to compile a dynamic library?
Which set of modules must I use to add a google map linked to an address in Drupal?
Wildcard expansion - searching for one in a set of possibilities
Drupal 6: CAPTCHA on a custom form
How does RubyGems modify $PATH
How to set up sh script to be ran with Terminal (mac os) by default?
API to write huge excel files using java
matlab and linux
How to modify beans defined in a spring container
Magento Duplicating Custom Block
Determining wrong input file using VBA & Excel
Need to write a program to sanely configure a login shell
How to send keypresses from qt application to libvlc
Is there a built-in more elegant way of filtering-and-mapping a collection by element type?
How many Scala web-frameworks are there?
drupal > views > exposed filter > submit on change
In Qt, how do I use Q_OBJECT slots and signals with multiple inheritance?
What is the purpose of (Apache) putting inode into an ETag?
Getting list of Mac text-to-speech voices programmatically?
Grails formRemote redirects rather than to just call method
How to show x and y axes in Matlab graph?
How to create relationships with the friendlist module in Drupal?
How do I setup multiple type bounds in Scala?
a better way to do ajax in django
Display required fields
Anfis with sugeno fuzzy model using matlab
Moving from Windows API to Mac OS
Excel OpenText method
How to get javascript to run after AJAX calls
VisualBasic (or Applescript) Excel Sheet sorting with names
How to use aryule() in Matlab to extend a number series?
How to define hash tables in bash?
Understanding AJAX.
SSLVerifyClient not asking for certificate
Hibernate and Scala
Spring RDBMS vs JDBCTemplate
Something like mapM, but for arrays? (like arrayMap, but mapping an impure function)
QTabWidget tab context menu
Convert XML based configuration to Annotations
how to create Thread poolling using Spring scheduler?
Finding index of element in a list in Haskell
Drupal DATABASE deployment strategies?
How to get the nth positional argument in bash?
Problem with ajax modal popup extender
Please Check For Idiocy: Customizing Taxonomy Term Page in Drupal
Returning value from AJAX request in a global variable
Scalable painting of a Qt application
Installing Boost libraries on Snow Leopard
Specifying edit paths in Drupal for FCKEditor?
Find the differences between 2 excel worksheets?
HTML5 Ajax to a different domain?
How to abort a running program in Matlab?
How do you call a function defined in .bashrc from the shell?
How can I categorize the content types on the Drupal "Create content" page (/node/add)
Hibernate Criteria - Exclude records with same id but different attribute values
Rewrite index.php in Wordpress
How to do something like this in Scala?
Using Scala as a scripting language from Eclipse
free shipping based on product weight in magento
Hibernate hql problem using case keyword
Password protecting AutoIndex but not static files with .htaccess
List[Map[String,A]] to database table in scalaquery
Start the H2 database in server mode via Spring
Real-time data in Matlab
Why would "/id" as a HTTP GET parameter would be a security breach ?
awk and printf in bash
jQuery RoundedCorners with AJAX
How to plot triangles on a 6x6 grid in MATLAB?
bash return value
Haskell compilation problem
Why do processes spawned by cron end up defunct?
With bash, how can I pipe standard error into another process?
A general way to get the front page of another language, in multi-lingual drupal?
Equivalent of select or poll in bash
Qt QIcon to load SVG files?
Excel  - changing embeeded DSN
Access to QTabBar instance
Drupal 6 absolute wildcards in _menu(), is it possible ?
Qt Layout on QMainWindow
How to create a link that triggers printing of a file?
How to avoid installing unnecessary dependencies with MacPorts?
Drupal 6 passing variables from Forms to Content, how to?
Connect points and compute area
ajax js serialize not reading form elements
Mac Terminal.app annoying bug - How to fix it?
Why does drupal_get_title() return empty on a Views page?
Why I cannot use my apache server?
How can you use ajax within an object to populate the object's instance variables?
Basic authentication with Qt (QNetworkAccessManager).
How do I do python-style indent/dedent tokens with alex/haskell?
Wordpress multilanguage plugin
Bash - Format a Textfile - Pair every two lines
Drupal + Nginx + Php-cgi :  502 Bad Gateway error
Disabling /node view and other hidden views in Drupal?
WordPress: How to display only posts that are in a certain category?
How to smoothen a plot in MATLAB?
WordPress: How can I add extra classes via variables when using body_class()?
Kill process in bash that runs more than specified time?
How to mark a point in a MATLAB plot?
Bash input/output in C++
Remove gap in wordpress posts in IE
How to run every script in a directory except itself?
What is the current state of the Scala Eclipse plugin?
Scala extra parentheses printout
How to show another window from mainwindow in QT
Problem managing session with multiple data sources
Ajax.dll causing problem?
Display code in WordPress
Java <-> Scala interop: transparent List and Map conversion
Is the Timeout directive of Apache overrideable in htaccess or inside of a <VirtualHost>?
How could I post an XML file in a web context
In Qt4, how to check if paintEvent is triggered by a resize?
scala case classes questions
Apache - Using spaces in a Redirect 301 ( mod_alias ) ?
Set-Cookie and Expires differ
QT Eclipse Integration - Adding External Libs
Creating "pretty" Qt Custom Widgets
Mocking a Hibernate custom value type
Drupal OG Views: cannot create view of all groups of which I am *not* currently a member
What are good video tutorials for Hibernate ?
Drupal: retrieve data from multiple node types in views 2?
how to make apache rewrite this url ?
Qt: What unit-testing framework?
QT: Hide the title bar of a dialog/window
Correct way to force an invoice e-mail to be sent to a user in UberCart?
Finding a pattern and extracting it into another file using sed in BASH
Error while loading xls file in matlab?
Hibernate default joining for nullable many-to-one
How can I download Java SE 1.5 for Mac OS 10.6
Need help with some Hibernate relational mappings
Hibernate Criteria query - Class cast exception
Magento: how to prefill values of a product's dropdown attribute
matlab and plot
VB.NET COM Server implementing Excel UDF not callable with optional Excel.Range
How to Sort Wordpress Posts Horizontally, Calling by Category
What makes it possible to drag-open files on a Mac?
Java Spring: AnnotationSessionFactoryBean, Hibernate-Dialect AutoDetection
Can I run JUnit 4 to test Scala code from the command line?
How do you migrate CCK fields between environments in Drupal?
Hibernate criteria query on different properties of different objects
Detect which other modules are enabled in a new Drupal module
Excel VBA "Autofill Method of Range Class Failed"
Does Mongrel do IPv6 well?
can Bash be configured to search string on the current input line?
What is the best practice for allowing users to upload excel document?
QT MySql connectivity using Windows XP, Qt Creator 4.5.2(windows 32 bit)
Why is Haskell throwing a 'cannot construct infinite type' error?
Hibernate Inheritance Strategy and Why
Configure continuum 1.2.3 with maven2 project; "Username isn't defined."
How to change a QPushButton icon when it has focus?
Server side MVC +Client side MVC
Handling wild card subdomains with Apache, excluding www, including SEF
spring: a bean that receives a list of Classes
Drupal VS Zikula
Changing multiple .fig files in Matlab systematically
spring mvc: detect if an exception has been thrown while loading the context
MATLAB error while evaluating uicontrol Callback
When was <input type=search> introduced in Safari
How can i post same page with ajax json
Hibernate transaction boundaries
Return specific type within Haskell
x84_64 compatibility with 10.5.8
Pattern matching functors in scala: mystified by warning
Simple tooltip plugin/js for rails
Printing out names of only directories and not files (BASH)
mod_rewrite RewriteCond backreference not working
How to create installer for Mac Operating system for my java application
Core Location in OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard
Drupal 6 forms and optgroup arrays
How to properly make path handling robust in a bash program?
Building universal binaries on Mac - Forcing single compiler child process
iPhone SDK on PowerPC?
How can grep interpret literally a string that contains an asterisk and is fed to grep through a variable?
Qt linguist & google translate
How do I forward parameters to other command in bash script?
cascade on many-to-one association in hibernate
Spring MVC Custom Authentication
How to control the position of QDialog
Mix HQL and SQL in the same query
Drupal: How to theme node add/edit page for specific node type?
Ajax File download Issue
COUNTIF - establishing a specific range in excel
Problem (bug?) loading hexadecimal data into MATLAB
What causes a Spring 1.2 NullPointerException when creating prepared statement?
How to control TCP_NODELAY setting for Scala remote actor ?
Undefined symbol _main when trying to build logstalgia on mac
How to force bash autocomplete to one command ?
Is it possible to use placeholder in context.xml
Wordprss permalinks set
Hide link text from statusbar in wordpress
Logging facilities and qt
exception Handling in Qt Script with C++
LazyInitializationException while unit-testing Hibernate entity classes for use in Spring, using TestNG
QTcpSocket in QThread
Throwing specific error messages in PLSQL Oracle...catching in hibernate?
Faster dec2bin funtion for large amount of conversion
How to determine optimum prepared statement cache size when using Hibernate
Scala unexpectedly not being able to ascertain type for expanded function
Scala can't multiply java Doubles?
Magento guest checkout option not showing up regardless of allow guest checkout setting
Drupal: Display variables in an embedded node
How is (==) defined in Haskell?
increasing ServerLimit & MaxClients on Apache
Apache rewrite rule with parameters?
spring annotation configration issue
What does Scala's "try" mean without either a catch or finally block?
jquery ajax POST size limit?
How to Perform a Bulk Product/Category/Sub Category Import With Magento?
Debugging problems shutting down Apache Tomcat
Qt: QImage always saves transparent color as black.
Matlab Piecewise Functions + Vector Manipulation
Optimisations for a series of functions in Haskell
Mac OS X Terminal Colors
Load content into parent element with jquery
scala anonymous function syntax
Customize the theme output for the search box in Drupal
Issues with programming General Cross Correlation (GCC) in matlab
Hibernate with ZK
Merge a 1 x N array to a 1 x 1 array without using loop
Converting binary to decimal without using loop
WordPress question
Drupal - How to display the list of new fields created from CCK on home page
Displaying series of bitmap in form of a movie
Javascript if(function_foo()) doesn't wait for function_foo() to complete
Ajax call not working in IE7 and FF.
Preserving whitespaces in a string as a command line argument
drupal contact form module
IP Blocking URLs on Apache
Tool to help write Excel formulas and IF statements?
QThread issues. Crash after 2058 runs.
Calculating the Difference Between Two Java Date Instances
Bash Can not get IF to work like I want to
Bash comparing stored "boolean" value with what?
Spring map definition
Wordpress: get last post belonging to a category, when listing categories
jQuery and AJAX response header
Syntactic sugar for compile-time object creation in Scala
Hibernate Inheritance Mapping and Attribute Override
HTTP headers for jpg files after mod_rewrite
Create custom rewrite rule for my WordPress plugin
Apache lags when responding to gzipped requests
From MS .NET to Web development options on OSX
What's the best strategy for large amounts of audio files in mobile application?
$content variable in node.tpl.php (Drupal 5)
Easiest way to do idle processing in a Scala Actor?
Equivalent of GetCursorPos() in Mac's Carbon
Switch from file contents to STDIN in piped command? (Linux Shell)
How to define Spring datasource in controller ?
htaccess rewrite
Hibernate:  Projection of a many-to-one in a Criteria
How to add user id in Excel header / footer?
facebook footer bar ajax!
BASH scripts : whiptail file select
Mac OS X: Best way to implement a card game GUI
How to hide Services item in QMenubar on Mac OS X?
Excel formatting question, default line color
Handle special characters in bash for...in loop
SpringJUnit4ClassRunner initialize beans for each test?
DWR + Spring + JPA Session Closed
Does functional programming mandate new naming conventions?
How can I use SimpleFormController with Validator with Spring 3?
Apache Tomcat server on linux
Qt Map Signals Based On Parameter Value
Lift and Eclipse RCP Integration
What does this Matlab code do? (probabilities and random sequences)
Int vs Integer: type mismatch, found: Int, required: String
append a text string to the left of all the cells of a column in excel 2002?
Implementing a text slider or "slideshow" with AJAX or JQuery
Possible to save a node using a multi-step form?
How to call(execute) a function in a for loops in MATLAb
Best way to use jQuery's .ajax() function retrieve variables from a php script?
Evaluating parsed expression in Haskell
Entity intercepted when a collection element updated
draw triangle in image using matlab
Drupal - Including more than one user_profile_form on a page?
COM Add-in for Excel doesn't load when Excel is launched by opening file
Copying a Directory Tree File by File
How to know a entity is going to insert or update
OSX: Launching multiple instances of an app and passing them command line args
Scala and Swing GUI applications
Capture Qt widget as an image file
How to ask bash to wait for a result and send a SIGKILL when it get it ?
Again: Spring3/Hibernate3/TestNG: some tests give LazyInitializationException, some don't
How can I configure Apache to map  /talk.html?id=77 to the file that is called talk.html?id=77  ?
What is the cause and how to fix 503 errors with this in Apache error_log: "Broken pipe: ajp_ilink_send(): send failed"
How can I resolve this ambiguous type variable error?
Problem creating bean of sessionFactory in spring-hibernate configuration
Source.getLine - the line index, first line is 1
Spring security - SecurityContext.authentication null in taglib and jsp but ok in controller
Solve ODE without nested functions
Ajax jquery synchronous callback success
How to query distinct values from map with given key in Hibernate?
DAO, Spring, Hibernate, Jboss
Inserting content into an existing div with AJAX and jQuery
Excel: the Incredible Shrinking and Expanding Controls
Excel VBA - connect to sql with a trusted connection (no uid/pwd)
VBA: Querying Access with Excel.  Why so slow?
Ajax - loadable php-script
Getting error when submitting form using SpringMVC and REST
stereo in QT using Open GL
Double click document file in Mac OS X to open Java application
SOAP and Spring
Figuring out which menu item was triggered in Qt
Favorite Drupal tips or best practices?
Algorithm for best-effort classification of vector
Spring Application Context available inside the constructor
Is there a public source code repository for the Official Mac Github.com client?
How to use AJAX in DRUPAL
Changing background image on succesive Ajax requests causes multiple GETs for same image
is setting the uploads folder 777 permision secure
Wordpress, get ID's of multiple categories from the URL
Extract from Cache.db files on Mac OS X Leopard
suPHP upgrade causing 500 internal server error
Drupal - Set default value in hook_form_alter?
Spring Explorer not showing beans from bean definition file
Matlab engine VS libraries created by MATLAB Compiler
How to check for an exploding zip file in bash?
Why does bash sometime not flush output to a file
Apache2 + RewriteMap + Python -- when returning 'NULL', apache hangs
Hibernate Annotations generating query that produces SQLGrammarException
Really dumb question about haskell
Are there code examples comparing Scala and JavaFX Script?
Apache James as a transparent SMTP proxy?
Haskell. Strict application $!
How to access parent element in Scala XML
show last 5 posts that have <!--more-->
Why doesn't jQuery Tablesorter Plugin work on this Wordpress page?
Apache, PHP and MySQL portable?
XAMPP: I edited PHP.ini, and now Apache crashes
Spreadsheet: Count Repeated Values In A Column
Creating a Draggable Widget System
Appened to /etc/apt/sources.list
Problems communicating with external editor in Qt4
Importing content from one/two Drupal installs into a fresh Drupal install
How to implement in Excel: If cell A1 is 0, cell A2 = "foo". Else, let the user specify an input.
Excel: How to do DRY formatting?
Bash globbing - autoexpand for a few specific cases?
Is there a "SELF" type in scala thet represents the current type?
A simple way to generate tones / sine waves on mac? (ruby would be nice)
Spring not restoring tomcat persistent sessions to session registry after restart?
Haddock for Cabal-installed modules?
Design pattern for translatable Hibernate models
How do you name a function in template.php to get picked up by theme() calls in page.tpl.php?
Is OS X Installer package postflight localization supported?
QGraphicsItem unselect redraw problem
Creating temporyary JMS jms topic in Spring
@Immutable vs @Entity(mutable=false) in Hibernate
initializing generic variables in scala
Get result of a JS file directly? (sorta AJAX related)
Excel 2007 UDF: how to add function description, argument help?
How to supply many argv with one bash var ?
Excel to XMl in .NET3.5
Applet lifecycle in Mac OS X
Issue with Haskell's "do"
Idiomatic IO with scala
Is anyone using valgrind and Qt ?
Problems with ArrayList items and hibernate
Qt Linking Error.
How to retrieve data which caused unique constraint violation (via Hibernate)?
Qt splitter disable
Converting large array of 8 bit binary
Break or shortcircuit a fold in Scala
How to create new theme in drupal 7
How do I keep WordPress from formatting out leading spaces?
Drupal: Complex filtering/sorting using Views Fast Search module
Understanding the different dispatchers in Akka 2
Building OSX App Bundle
How do I see the contents of Qt objects during debugging?
Drupal - Remove RSS
Excel and IE7 - Prevent IE from opening Excel files
How can you tell if a directory is writeable in Objective-C?
How to designate a thread pool for actors
Trouble with Ajax (creating a <select> dynamically..
scala: why does underscore (_) initialization work for fields but not method variables?
Regex match a string with spaces (use quotes?) in an if statement
Version Control for a collaborative website on Mac
Excel copy worksheet
Spring's PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer with property in a jar file
Drupal combined user+content search
Running multiple sites on a LAMP with secure isolation
Implementing result paging in hibernate
Wordpress: If two or more posts have same date, date is not shown.
Two shortcuts for a QAbstractButton
QT: why is foreach iterating with a const reference ?
IE window in QT
Mapping both static and dynamic files in Tomcat/Spring?
Call c++ code from MATLAB
Automatically execute an excel macro on a cell changed by a real-time add-in
Ajax and PHP help
spring: set property of one bean by reading the property of another bean?
Excel, multiple if statements
Excel VBA: Subtotals?
What would you do instead of using NSViewController to be compatible with 10.4?
Excel: Formula to reference an entire pivot table?
How to set selected filter on QFileDialog?
Ok, enlighten me as usual Stackoverflow: What is Haskell actually useful for?
plotting matworks logo and heartshape
Performing operations on (specifically how to add a List of) Long in Scala
Export Drupal Content?
How to create and read a sequence in Hibernate?
Executing a method from another class in java(and more)
Resources to learn QT/Embedded 4.5 ?
Using type aliases to Java enums
How do I get a list of the window titles on the Mac OSX?
I need a simple custom authentication in spring
Dynamic mapping in hibernate?
"browser back" possible without reloading page (AJAX)
worpdress custom field problem
Weaknesses of Hibernate
running matlab function from java
trap event when new wordpress post is added in a certain category
Hibernate with Oracle JDBC issue
Hibernate constraint violation/error rolling back
Why Spring Framework ?
Can Apache BalancerMember be configured to use unix domain sockets?
How to print a Map in Scala
Intermediate lists in Haskell
Spring + Thread safe singletons
Drupal MultiSite, Multiple Sites or Organic Groups
QT sqlite deploy exe
Drupal 6 increase user login time.
drupal persistent login, why use?
Problem with spring quartz
MenuKey functionality in OSX 10.5 and 10.6?
WebServicice with Apache CXF and custom headers.
Drupal views: selecting nodes with no children matching a condition
Drupal is allowing viewing of unpublished content
How Display Recent Posts in all 3 languages at once in Wordpress
Hibernate ConstraintViolationException in join table
How do you find the block of code you are looking for in Magento?
How to filter out a set of strings A from a set of strings B using Bash
Ajax authentication without letting browser pop up login dialog
Getting Mac OS X version without using Carbon
Apache: I want to enable SSI. Can anyone furnish an example config file?
JMeter command line - linux version vs windows version
Scala errors in Eclipse 3.5 using Scala 2.8.0b, "Syntax error on token String"
scala mailbox size limit
Haskell & Oracle
Using mod_rewrite to redirect 70+ URLs with variables
Laziness and tail recursion in Haskell, why is this crashing?
How do you create an alias in Cocoa? Is a symlink good enough?
AJAX - when user leaves page - good or bad practice/implementation?
inputbox and menubox simultaneously
Wordpress static pages: how to embed content into templates?
Problems using eclipse Hibernate plugin - could not locate sessionfactory in JNDI
How to use sed to test and then edit one line of input?
Qt Widget Overlays
Silently modifying nodes
Apache Indexing question...
forms called by ajax
How do I get my fortran output into excel?
basic matlab help
java.nio.BufferUnderflowException when processing files in Scala
QProcess::setStandardOutputFile only creates 0kb File
Tuple parameter declaration and assignment oddity
internally redirecting to another file in Apache
Modify Latest Blog Posts in WordPress
IE8 is breaking my AJAX... FF is fine.
Hibernate Exception
ajax jquery webhosting question
How does one validate the schema of an XML file using Scala?
In Java/Spring, how do you setup the hashmap to append the query string?
Parallel "insertions" into a binary trie in Haskell
Problem with Japanese/International Characters with IIS7 URL Rewrite
Communicate to Apache Server
Using the same service & DAO from two threads
Apache - Prettifying URLs with mod_rewrite while also catching some edge cases
Drupal views - how to remove string pattern using "Rewrite the output of this field"?
Apache basic authentication
Scala: public static final in a class
Haskell type error: Could not deduce (Show a) arising from a use of `show' from the context (Num a)
apache ant wildcards
how do I extend a contributed module in drupal
Matlab functions refusing to function depending on placement
generate excel sheet from a excel template in asp.net using vb.net
Pass Url Parameter web flow
SQLite dialect error with Hibernate
htaccess rewrite not working for all rules
Can I develop a Mobile website using Drupal?
Limit Ammount Of Widgets In Wordpress
Transactional services => BeanNotOfRequiredTypeException, should be Advice, but is TransactionInterceptor
hibernate Lazy loading
in Excel , in my pivot tables when i drop down the row fields, value filter option is disabled
spring - java - syncronisation
Find only relevant points in MATLAB
hibernate how to retrieve a hierarchy object
bash script - select from database into variable
how to divide an image in blocks in matlab
Who can hack the code to make it work with .icon?
Is there already a YAML library/parser for MATLAB?
Handling an invalid security certificate using Matlab's urlread command
OneToOne Mapping with hibernate/JBoss/Seam
equals and hashcode in Hibernate
Mock object and Spring annotations
MATLAB: How do you insert a line of text at the beginning of a file?
how to write numbers in lambda using ghci
Linking to matlab generated code
How do I create a node count for each each category term in Drupal?
Dynamically added HTML does not dynamically remove with JQuery in Cakephp
Cairo and Qt integration
Mac Text Editor that Support SSH Keys
Changing a user created control based on content of input from JS tied textbox
How to get permission to edit the file apache2.conf? [Ubuntu]
what do the terms formBackingObject and ModelAttribute mean in Spring MVC?
Terminal Command Mac Alter table SQLite3...
Spring Web Flow Set Form Input Value
QDir and QDirIterator ignore files with non-ASCII filenames
apache plgin for NTLM for Getting  log in user name.
generating nicely formatted excel files in ASP.net without having Excel on server
Saving nodes with a filefield
AjaxControlToolkit Accordion and databinding
Two server setup for online store(Magento)
@SecondaryTable annotation problem
High speed udp receiver in matlab
Performance effect of enabling apache response time log directive
Ajax Request Results in form being submitted aswell
Adjusting Wordpress Function to display Parent Category
Proper way to access shared resource in Scala actors
UnixODBC driver suppot in OSX?
Ajax Binary Response
Setting mod_python's interperter
Google Analytics-like module for Drupal site behind firewall?
Is it possible to access Excel file through ADO.NET that does NOT have a Header Row?
apache: cgi links lead to a "you have chosen to open foo.cgi", although scriptalias is set
QT: Using QPainter on child widgets
Does HibernateTemplate work with Envers? If so, how?
JSP or .ascx equivalent for Scala?
Hibernate detached queries as a part of the criteria query
Hibernate updating database sctructure with new indexes
Running Multiple Versions of MATLAB
Module 'eAccelerator' already loaded php warning
BASH: Copy named files recursively, preserving folder structure
How to display CSS backgroundImage when the source redirects?
Excel 2007 - selecting multiple non-contiguous cells within one column.
Wordpress removing WWW
Qt: doesn't cause memory leak?
Smooth text animation (Marquee text effect) using QT
Migration of Wordpress sites to a local WAMPserver, now the pages cannot be found
How realize a financial software in Qt?
How to sudo on a computer using ssh inside a bash script
spring+hibernate mapping class without xml
WordPress Database Backup Question
Spring - How 'multiple' AOP behaviors to sevices are resolved?
Drupal watchdog database table flooded with same message over and over?
Mac OS X - associate application with file type icon
Does Scala have an equivelant to C# yield?
Hibernate many-to-many association with the same entity
Problems with Multiple QApplications
Automatically compile any Java class when the file is dropped in a directory
How to use term_group for ordering subcategories in Wordpress?
MATLAB: Plotting .m file from directory
Moving Qt UI code out to separate class
Why browsers sometimes render site bad?
Cocoa MAC - problem with this code using NSBundle
How do i convert JSP facelets to Code in a servlet ?
Bash Menu:  Return to menu after selection made and executed?
Drupal User Profile
Totaling figures in .csv files using Excel
pass variable number of arguments in scala (2.8) case class to parent constructor
Exporting data to excel
Hibernate N+1 from select across multiple tables
"Shop By " Feature in category page magento
scala: 'def foo = {1}' vs 'def foo {1}'
Drupal - After each user log in, how to direct to each user's specific page?  - Thanks in Advance
Wordpress Split Archives into 5 sections based on Category and tags
tomcat startup script permission on mac os x
A script to ssh into a remote folder and check all files?
Validating Registration Data with an External Identity Repository in Drupal
How to use fromInteger in Haskell?
How to style QTabBar close button
C++/Qt download file in sync
Can I zip more than two lists together?
Transfer MySQL to SQLite
Hibernate lazy initlaization exception
Can anyone tell me why Apache will not work, for my Django?
Apache Benchmark - Randomized querystrings?
send multiple responses on one ajax request and react on clientside
Using text formatting in Matlab custom data tips
Unimporting in Scala
Drupal - Getting node id from view to customise link in block
Java on OS X: How to provide operations in the Services menu (NSServices)
Problem with mapping tag in hibernate configuration file
How I can export a datatable to excel 2007 and pdf from asp.net?
Granting a Drupal role to all users that have a certain role
MATLAB: vectorized assignment from double array to cell array
Indenting Bash Script Output
Excel VBA custom function with sumif-like criteria functionality
MS Excel 2003 - Simple unselect question in Excel VBA when dealing with shapes
Qt: New student to Qt questions
My Spring AOP not working
How to format data for use in nntool (MATLAB)?
Selection sort in functional Scala
Is there a way to define reusable properties to n-hibernate mappings?
Add products to UberCart Cart with Javascript
php / ajax REMOTE_ADDR set to IP of bogus network adapter
Roles/Priviledges in a Spring/Hibernate application
Slow performance using anonymous functions in Matlab
Making Browser Back button work while using AJAX requests
Using nntool [MATLAB] from command line.
Theming Drupal book hierarchies
eCommerce Drupal
Can Apache serve a default file instead of a 404?
Will memcache help with expensive MySQL queries? (Drupal site)
A Haskell function of type: IO String-> String
How do I auto-adjust the size of a QDialog depending on the text length of one of its children?
Multiple loop working, function inside isn't
How to format a input vector from the input data in MATLAB?
How to process file names with variables from a list in a file in Bash
Cast function for Hibernate
Is it possible to change themes per category in wordpress?
Trying to upgrade Python to 3.0 on Mac OS 10.5.8
Inheritence to extend a data structure in Haskell
call matlab APIs in C C++
Wordpress Blog error
XAMPP on Falshdrive cannot start Apache, MYSQL on WIndows 7
How to remove spacebar action from QToolButton
DllMain and Qt Mfc Migration
How to count the number of times a fuction was called, the FP way
Progress Bar using javascript
Magento, add VAT nr to billing address
Integrating Drupal + Moodle + MediaWiki with OpenID
Images in matlab
Apache: RewriteRule leads to segfault
hibernate post initialization
Getting strange characters in text in Drupal...probably encoding issues, but how to solve
MS Excel 2003 VBA - Is there a way to define a group of shapes/object into a "group"
Proxy URL without authentication
Qt, Submitting QSqlRecord to mysql database
BASH :: find file in archive from command line
Inserting a custom_field in Wordpress using MySql
Reading java .properties file from bash
Excel VBA to Oracle Algorithm
How to correctly modify this Wordpress Function for widgets?
How do I get mod_rewrite to work in my home directory?
Drupal Custom Node Form
What is scala -i command-line option supposed to do ?
Multi-threaded BASH programming - generalized method?
hibernate subclass one to one mapping
[VB.NET] Better Way of Getting the Text Value of Cells in an Excel (*.xls) File
Apache Webserver & JBoss AJP connectivity with https
Qt: How to get the file/resource path for a QIcon
JS functions not working while loading html using Ajax
getting posts from Wordpress to out of WP in codeigniter view
How to concatenate two strings in MATLAB?
Workflow engines that integrate easily/work well with Spring Web?
Term for rotating header
How can I read a list of filenames from a file in bash?
Is there a way to package a dynamic library in the application binary?
Qt QHboxLayout cell size ssues
Spring - Aspect is not getting applied at runtime
Bash: what expands to all files in current directory recursively
Remove Characters from EOF while Writing to File in Matlab
Qt application crashing immediately without debugging info.  How do I track down the problem?
Spring - Best approach to provide specific error messages in a validator from a DAO?
External form with javascript validation causing wordpress 404 error
Help need Pls.... excel macro: compare and copy between worksheets
Compiling a shared library with QT on Ubuntu 9.10
How to send js array via ajax?
REST/Ajax deep linking compatibility - Anchor tags vs query string
Monitor filesystem activity of a child process on OS X with normal user privileges
Retreiving widget data with MySQL query in WordPress
Lookup shell variables by name, indirectly
Hiding a QWidget on a QToolbar?
Is there a way to change (delete) a standard phrase going after a single post in Wordpress?
Resource Bundle Spring
Pros And Cons Of Haskell
Copy method fail due to memory
Sala and html parseing
Haskell Noob question: What's wrong with my append function?
Map function for custom n-ary tree
Does the iPhone has AJAX and jQuery support?
Replacing an element in a n-ary tree
Executing for-each in bash
when automatically updateing wordpress how does it grab files from another server and store it on my server?
Switch user and output variable contents
Drupal: Creating anchor only link with l()
Hibernate entity with user defined attributes
How to split up a file into modules in Haskell?
Custom URL aliases in Drupal 6
why doesn't scalac optimize tail recursion?
Excel reading in ASP.NET : Data not being read if column has different data formats
AJAX checker script, problem with redirect
Refire certain scripts after jQuery AJAX load.
Drupal view rows output
Updating a checkbox in Excel 2003 from a background thread in C# fails sometimes
Qt equivalent of .NET data binding?
hibernate interceptors : afterTransactionCompletion
Wordpress Content Box not formatting correctly.
Scala and tail recursion
how to collect system info in osx using objective c
Is this spring training usefull?
Excel waiting for one macro to finish before calling another
Scala: XML Whitespace Removal?
Why can I not insert a QStackedWidget inside a custom widget?
Abandoned Apache process, how long will it go on?
Mac + External drive not recognized as removable storage
How does Drupal provide an edit/review/publish model?
how to configure java.xml.transform.transformer in spring
Replacing characters with numbers in Haskell
The easiest way to replace white spaces with (underscores) _ in bash
Access Drupal views arguement in the same views header or footer section.
Perform OR on two hash outputs of sha1sum.
How to auto-start an application after system in Mac os
How to import images into magento using an absolute path?
Matlab: avoiding memory allocation in mex
How to use Server Side Includes in Magento Description?
Problem with sorting on child object in Hibernate when order-by is present in .hbm files ?
what is encoding in Ajax?
What does Hibernate map a boolean datatype to when using an Oracle database by default?
Corner Cases, Unexpected and Unusual Matlab
Developing Google Gadget on a Mac
MATLAB MEX file: create N-D double matrix
Question about [[]], [] and $#
Why does Scala create a ~/tmp directory when I run a script?
Cancel External Query in Excel VBA
Find the corners of a polygon represented by a region mask
haskell, chaining filters
What is primitive recursion?
QT: QSettings on Windows with INI files and comments
Magento design possible in all pages?
Mac OS X app/service and stdin?
Matlab: Find all NaN Elements inside an Array
Excel Interop "FindAll" Method
Online dictionary - should I use AJAX for the search results?
Eval to variable failing (w/Crontab)
how to define an inverse cascade delete on a many-to-one mapping in hibernate
Spring webflow validation
Is it possible to use unary function instead of binary in `flip`?
Generate Square Mesh, Given an Unordered X, Y and Z Vectors
Dynamically building a command in bash
How to update a postgresql array column with spring JdbcTemplate?
Pattern matching data types in Haskell.  Short cuts?
What does the console error 'Unable to clear quarantine' mean?
How can I create a typed Tuple2 from Java / Spring?
Thread pool in Qt 4.3
Why does Excel throw an exception on Quit when started from command line?
WordPress home page duplicate content issue. Need a resolution to avoid Google smack
batch create users?
Qt portable IPC: only QSharedMemory?
Is the following utility class thread-safe?
Displaying static information in a Wordpress blog
Magento checkout
Finding whether or not an item is contained within an k-ary tree
QObject::findChild returns wrong address when used with a custom widget plugin
mod_rewrite: Rewriting / to cgi script
Link to Wordpress 'latest posts' page when using static front page
Remove first 4 letters from a folder name using bash scripting
ContextLoaderListener problem while spring is loading up
simple problem with matlab
Magento - layered nav - display attribute based on previous filter
substituting an Excel worksheet for an Access database
Custom comment form in CCK template
scala 2.8 collections design tutorial
'XMLHTTPRequest is Undefined' IE6
AJAX (prototype/java) getting partial status updates during execution
How to edit my excel dropdown list ?
Are Excel's Conditional Formatting Formulas Broken
javascript vs jquery?
when blogging on wordpress. my blog destroys the template i created. how to  avoid that?
Should I just let the user hang?
Qt Increase QTabWidget's QTabBar size
How to randomly select from a list of 47 names that are entered from a data file?
drupal, rules, flag, date
Calling an Excel Add-In method from C# application or vice versa
Scala and html: download an image (*.jpg, ect)  to Hard drive
Refactoring val to method results in compile-time error
Time field in Drupal forms?
Bash usage of vi or emacs
devide two polinomials by using matlab
Font of page title appears different on browsers in Windows and on Linux
how to use ping in a script
google opensearch plugin ajax drop down
SimpleFormController help
How do i set up an additional RSS feed on Wordpress?
If the Nothing type is at the bottom of the class hierarchy, why can I not call any conceivable method on it?
Difference between Matlab's matrix notation
How to efficiently find correlation and discard points outside 3-sigma range in MATLAB?
Qt widget update later but when?
Excel VBA merge multiple columns into one on separate rows
Spring schemaLocation fails when there is no internet connection
deleting named ranges in VSTO
Transpose a file in bash
WordPress 'comment is awaiting moderation.' message not appearing when a comment is submitted?
What are the available options to retrieve Spring-managed beans in a Log4J Appender inside a Spring-managed web application?
Controlling OSX windows
Wordpress archive page
the administration section where i post blogs. the textarea height is set to 209px how to change this?
Getting only one dimension of indexes from the getSelectedIndexes function in QT?
Is there a way to have all radion buttons be unchecked
Bash - Recursively Create Nonexistant Subdirectories
Using Scala, how does one differentiate XML elements having elements as children, or having text?
How to configure something like phpmyadmin in windows and linux?
Using annotations to implement a static join in hibernate
Using jQuery Plugins with Wordpress
How to efficiently processing 300+ Files concurrently in scala
See binary instead of hex in Binary file while in a shell like bash.
Excel Help Needed: insert row with total under each group
Generate Contour Given X, Y and Z  vectors
How to Search within json document in apache solr lucene
To use or not to use Scala for new Java projects ?
2 mysql instances in MAC
ways to get the middle of a list in Haskell
How do you route stdin from a file to a function when running GHCI
Display Link to Category in Wordpress?
Remove elements by index in haskell
How to pull "most recent post" data from a Wordpress blog?
How to flatten a List of different types in Scala?
The Matlab equivalent of pyton None
IE doesn't wait for result of $.post(
Mean filter for smoothing images in Matlab
Scala: Something like Option (Some, None) but with three states: Some, None, Unknown
libtiff.3.dylib: unknown required load command 0x80000022
Javascript or XUL windows WITHOUT iframe
Converting Wordpress Categories into Tags
Auto-generated Form Value
Ajax instant messaging (web-based)
Theming for/with javascript?
Effecient queue in haskell.
Talking head library for Mac OS X
Filter Hidden Files with Bash (for Batch Image Resize Script)
How to link Qt to and already existing MinGW installation?
Hibernate - changing connection string during runtime
connecitnf to ms sql through hibernate
Qt and QMake build dir
Qt (Creator) with WinSocks (ws2_32)
qt - network based location acquisition
Html checkbox change value in MySql
Matlab: how to plot a text in 3D
CGWindowID from AXUIElement
Iterating over arrays in haskell
How do I assign a value to a property where the property name is supplied at runtime in VBA?
Drupal Custom Form Arrangement/Placement
Plot Overlay Matlab
having problem with this ajax module !
setting up a wysiwyg editor for drupal site users
Custom container requirement to work with Qt's foreach
Multiply a 3D matrix with a 2D matrix
Saving QList<T> to a file?
How can I change the default edtior for OS X on install?
Alternative paradigm for Mac OS X development
apache server, how can i stop the server to create those error_log
Implementing a string class that does case insensitive comparisions in Scala
WordPress 2.8.6 foobars my theme options with escape slashes!
using vlookup in excel to compare columns
How do I configure Apache to forward some URLs to two resin containers?
Alternative for View Filter Block for Drupal 6?
InvalidMappingException  Hibernate mapping file...anybody can you give resolution
How to subclass an object with a var in its primary constructor
DefaultMessageListenerContainer not working with Websphere MQ
scala specs don't exit when testing actors
Outlook style toolbar in Qt
How to get Hibernate configuration properties?
Logging user agent info on login with Spring Security
Hibernate map collection with constant key
magento - add links to footer but not to top navigational menu
Is there a problem-free way to run Scala unit tests in Eclipse integrated nicely?
How to solve QPixmap::fromImage memory leak?
Eclipse Spring Builder set properties with Groovy beans
Compiling QT-Creator with mingw
Fresh Rails install on OSX gives me "Rails requires RubyGems >= 1.3.2"
Concurrent map/foreach in scala
Excel: Default to TEXT rather than GENERAL when opening a .csv file
Magento - Is it possible to feed IE6 a different template?
Is it possible to compile ImageMagick with custom libxml2 on the Mac
mac osx development environment
why is the springsource.com website built in drupal?
is it possible to capture bash output into the osx finder clipboard
How can I serialize (and later deserialize) a generic type in Scala?
Mac dev - Help getting started with 2d games
Understanding Drupal core?
How to create DMG file which will allow autostarting an application efter bootup
Qt4.5: Using event-loop based localsocket before app.exec
How to make modeless dialog stay on top of its parent in Solaris CDE
wordpressL How to array the child categories without any html tags?
Scala difference between object and class
Using Excel VBA to find a range
while executing a shell script in Unix Bash Shell, how is a file location resolved for relative paths? rel. to the script.sh folder or the referenced file's folder.
Spring and the scope attribute
How to create Wordpress-style widgets in Drupal
Using Spring JUnit4 and JMock together
Qt moc_ include file problem
Set values for an exposed field in a block (in Drupal)?
How to resolve java.nio.charset.UnmappableCharacterException in Scala 2.8.0?
Precompiled headers and compiling universal objects on OSX
any readings/books recommended for a beginner mobile qt developers?
Approaching Text Parsing in Scala
Format the output of qDebug for QMaps
How come it is so expensive?
How to make a "recent seen pages" for user registered in wordpress
Haskell tail function for empty lists
how to set time in ajex slider control?
HQL with a collection in the WHERE clause
wordpress - displaying posts in a page
ADODB.Connection undefined
Converting from prototype to jQuery - javascript / ajax
Is it possible in matlab to explicitly format the output numbers ?
Compilation of QT Property Browser
Turning y axis upside down in MATLAB
Magento model collections - save data
Handling successive Ajax requests - JQUERY
Multiple @ManyToMany sets from one join table
How to tie the Lifecycle for a Spring Bean to the webapps' lifecycle ?
How to change category page layout in magento
How to restart transactions  on deadlock/lock-timeout in Spring?
Is it possible to customise drupal node reference and pass your search and a argument from another field
imap_open mbox windows
Help explain this chunk of haskell code that outputs a stream of primes
Httpcontext working problem with AJAX
Error in java swing application in Mac
Could you show me a site where ajax-driven country-region-city drop down list is used?
Views/Flags relationship-argument puzzle
Drupal node.save and JSONP
HttpServletRequest.getRemoteAddr() returning wrong address
Read the ActiveCell content in Excel using VSTO
Can I use XMLHttpRequest on a different port from a script file loaded from that port?
ref vs idref attributes in spring bean declaration
Magento addFieldToFilter allow NULLs
Equations Solver function in Matlab. How do I handle [eqns,vars] = getEqns(varargin{:}) errors?
How can I set the path + filename in Qt Designer's property box?
Beautifying a SWT application on Mac
How to set auto=repeat on a qaction in a qtoolbar?
How to user Hibernate @Valid constraint with Spring 3.x?
How to include drupal form elements in a data table
Text under a widget added with QToolbar.addWidget()
Invoking context menu in QTreeWidget
Code to record a screencast in MacOS
UnsatisfiedLinkError When Loading a Library from Java in MATLAB
Matlab - divide matrix elements by column sums.
Using DOS file contents as command line arguments in BASH...
Cocoa application crashing on OpenGL call
Center an NSView within an NSScrollView
help with selecting rows using awk
Good framework for the game of Go (weiqi, baduk)?
Forcing Garbage Collection in VBA/Excel 2000
Bash: For Filename do......
Drupal update.php produces error
Software development  on Mac
Which programming language has very short context-free Grammar in its formal specification?
MATLAB Sorting by custom condition
Trying to get the information of session WebFlow Spring
Comparing wildcards for equality in Haskell..?
Need opinion regarding design/architecture of a web application
Parser for 32-bit and 64-bit Mach-O binary/executable formats in C++
Q_Object with no type...
List of 'most popular' posts (based on # of views) â€” Wordpress
Multi-lingual wordpress site?
Qt Creator Project Build Error
How to rearrange this function to return the extended list in Haskell
Conditional link to node within views?
Creating monads in haskell
How can I convert a color image to grayscale in Matlab?
[bash] replace a line in a text file
Alternative to anonymous functions for lazy evaluation in Scala?
Haskell minimum/maximum Double Constant
HIbernate Free Query
QtPython: removeChild/addChild QGroupBox
Set dirty dot in mac window using Qt
How to reuse existing connection in Open Session In view pattern implementation of Hibernate?
display author URL in single
Force library linking with Qt and google test
Reference needed for drupal theme_HOOK properties
MATLAB: Apply a low-pass or high-pass filter to an array
Looping Code/Skipping Rows
How can I convert scala.xml.Elem to something compatible with the javax.xml APIs?
plist bundle version values
How to show inactive task tabs in Drupal
Why is this Haskell incorrect?
How to make the Excel broken autofilter indicator go away?
problem filtering mousePressEvent with installEventFilter
Compiled Matlab: application hangs at the end
Haskell: How do I define the types my function can take as parameters? AND how do I access unnamed variables in a data structure?
w3schools AJAX example
In bash shell script how do I convert a string to an number
Hibernate - apply locks to parent tables in polymorphic queries
apache proxy to tomcat keep alive confusion
Migrating Wordpress from sub-domain to root.
wordpress : how to put an enter page?
Scala AST in Scala
Getting list in order, mapped by join table
Server-side, get progress on sending file
Matlab deployment: add files to source control?
Hibernate queries slow down drastically after an entity is loaded in the session
The most common pitfalls for a beginner Drupa user?
How to GZip every file separately
choosing rows form a file
I want my wp 2.8.6 blog to be seen as written in Spanish by Feedburner.
Ajax async option throwing me for a loop
Calling wordpress API from Zend pages on same box
When should I use Scala's Array instead of one of the other collections?
How do I add a header with data to a QTableWidget in Qt?
QComboBox with single value: Select this value
Where do you define spring bean configuration files
Solving for variables in an over-parameterised system
Hibernate saveOrUpdate fails when I execute it on empty table.
How can I know if the user is in ExposÃ© mode?
Magento - Removing the black background from automatic thumbnails?
How can I associate many existing files with drupal filefield?
Multiple Haskell cabal-packages in one directory
garbage collecting scala actors
Is there a scala identity function?
IORegistryEntry::fromPath() fail.
How do i display non-validation errors in jsp with spring webflow
Problem with caching (maybe) when using AJAX and PHP
Scala Parser Token Delimter Problem
Can I decide where a Qaction is added to a Qmenubar
Using Srping managed DAO without controller?
grep-ing multiple files
Modifying Qt core components/widgets, best practices?
Bash alias query
probem with redirecting output
live execution of formula
How do I reference to another (open or closed) workbook, and pull values back, in VBA? - Excel 2007
asp.net ajax 4.0 with MVC -externalize templates
Hibernate JPA Template fetch
parsing recursive structures in scala
hibernate     @GeneratedValue  correct?
Calling @Controller methods once per request
Trace an arrow toward a specific angle
Set a QComboBox or QSpinBox to a value not allowed
Spring Batch: java.io.IOException: Stream closed exception when combining MultiResourceItemWriter and FlatFileItemWriter
If you can't change a variable's value in Haskell, how do you create data structures?
How to receive drag and drop from Apple Address book in Qt 4.4 on Mac OS X 10.5/10.6
Hibernate Transaction question
How to use spring to resolve dependencies of an object created manually?
AJAX - timed mySQL queries (please wait screen)
How can I get the WordPress language_attributes function to return valid XHTML 1.1?
pattern matching on a series of values in scala
Apache rewriteRule for root directory
Spring Properties File
Usng enum in drupal
Building optimized Qt4 - "./configure" flags and their meanings
how will I call the on change event of the ajax dropdownlist?
Preventing NaN from being persisted by Hibernate
mod_rewrite works in .htaccess files but not in apache2.conf
Criteria to HQL
Get Criteria by associationPath
Change wording "Special Price" & "Regular Price" in Magento
Wildcard DNS combined with Single Subdomain DNS
How to plot a 3D plot in MATLAB?
Haskell execution sequence
Do I have to create a new object to mix in a Scala trait?
How to read till end of file in MATLAB?
Looking for book on Bash scriping
Spring MVC very confused about controller mappings
Shipping cost calculate
Featured articles list
Scala Case class matching compile error with aliased inner types?
Understanding hibernate internals
Accessing Spring bean *not* by dependency injection
Trying to get signals to work in my QT. I need some advice and help
Updating your blog from a localhost version
Show Attached Image to Post on Wordpress
Hibernate delayed validation until commit
How to obtain codesigned application certificate info
Matlab: evaluate symbol expression
List comprehension won't give correct result in Haskell
Using the Github Gist API from Haskell
[Spring] Using beans from other modules?
In a spring messages.properties, how to ensure line break of error message when using an error code as key ?
Using Resteasy with javassist?
Haskell dividing num
MATLAB How to divide a matrix into equals parts?
JQGrid url action not firing when using Ajax.BeginForm
Drupal CCK field not visible to anonymous users
suggest me an easy way to automate such tasks
XML alternative of Text.JSON.Generic for Haskell
hibernate SELECT..WHERE.. IN (value1, val2...)
Extend scala class that extends ordered
Modify automatically an attribute with magento
Not Ajax-related controls in AjaxControlToolkit?
Is There are a Way to Write just Next/Prev Post Link on Wordpress?
Haskell scoping in nested function definitions using where
Hibernate Spring Transactions
Magento New Products Block
Magento: Display sub-category list
Different Roles for 2 different type user in Drupal
Hibernate, insert or update without select.
Is it possible to use implicit conversions for parameters to extractors (unapply) in Scala?
Spring Security Encypt MD5
Bash Scripting " [!: not found " errors, and how to write an or statement
How do I include parameters in a bash alias?
Check if Mac process is running using Bash by process name
Determining size of printed page in Excel VBA
Sending mail from bash shell script.
Why does Mac OS sometimes launch the wrong binary when I click on a .app
identify error in if statement
Magento - Custom Payment Module
bash errors in this script ?
Python QtreeWidget: return tree hierarchy
Apache mod-rewrite redirect domain name using querystring
.ajax will not POST, but will GET with on problem
first level hibernate cache , modify record directly at DB
How to customize the readline keybindings of ghci
Changing the inheritance strategy in branches of the class hierarchy via JPA annotations
Does DotNetNuke have anything similar to Drupal's CCK?
hbm2ddl on a column based on GenericEnumUserType
Is there a limit to the number of Ajax requests that can be launched on Apache
Hidden features of Qt.
Spring Web Flow form binding
Getting access to a spring bean from a webservice?
How does one create product collections in Ubercart?
Registering a shutdown hook in Spring 2.5
Can Qt work with compiler which has no support for namespace?
How can I determine a first-time hit in Wordpress?
Gems not found with Passenger in conservative spawn mode on Mac OS X
Using Ajax.Updater to get a javascript file (prototypejs)
Apache mod-rewrite for shorter urls
How to display an AJAX progress bar / message
How often should a web chat client check for updates?
excel file too big , which format to convert to imporve processing time in scripting
Many-to-many on the same table with additional columns
scala: PartialFunction with state
Server crashing after Wordpress upgrade to latest version (nginx+php-fpm)
Cross-correlation coefficient
GHC type inference for higher rank types - assigning to monotypes
Ajax architecture in Django application
Reliable cube root in Haskell
Qt: Expand ~ to home-directory
Hide link to a view if it's empty
scala reflection: getDeclaringTrait ?
How to save data on excel xls file using perl?
Spring JDBC RowMapper with Class Hiearchies
How do you remove inline styles in Wordpress?
autocommit and @Transactional and Cascading with spring, jpa and hibernate
Apache/Tomcat site nesting
Workarounds for unresolved hibernate bug when embedded collections contain collections?
as many threads as process
Drupal 7: How do I import a RSS feed?
How to determine function name from inside a functoin
how to print just the popup window
How can I run an Excel Add-in on Mutliple instances of Excel.exe
Remove project from SCM on Mac
cannot do 2nd level cache
Ajax autocomplete (or autosuggest) with TAB completion similar to shell command line completion?
Calling a function in the parent page from an element ajax - loaded into a div
How to make ajax call from drupal pager
Hibernate problems with Auto Increment ID MYSQL 5
Spring - handle multiple forms submit with one controller
Display Percentage or Amount of discount for catalog price rule in Magento
Notification mail in open atrium
pipelines vs for
List construction in Haskell
How to show Tooltips in Qt
Monitoring bash script won't terminate
Using outer joins in HQL queries
schema2ddl generates wrong datatype for YesNoType
Getting Theme information from the style.css file in Wordpress
Communication between a webpage and Excel?
BASH: Hashing Multiple Files Recursively
Drupal Menu System - Outputting a Tree One Level Down
How to write bash script to search for IP's in a file and put write them to another file?
Tab-completion of filenames
Sending String Data to MVC Controller using jQuery $.ajax() and $.post()
Spring Web Flow
Edit excel countifs
Customizing Spring concurrent-session-control configuration
Intercepting call to the back button in my AJAX application: I don't want it to do anything!
How can I use linux to parse out only a section of a variable with different delimiters?
How to tell QWebPage not to load images?
Apache with JBOSS using AJP (mod_jk) giving spikes in thread count.
Is QImage able to open and render pure 16-bit images?
how can this src vs. build tree timestamp comparison be faster? (bash)
Calculate most common values
load a new page using ajax
XL VBA - Passing an array in a user defined function?
Dependency Inject by type using generics - how does it work?
Spring, db and property file configuration.
problems with excel's application.evaluate command in vba
Python+Qt, QScrollArea problem: what's wrong with this code?
Problem with drawing focus frame in Qt
How can I add a user editable checkbox in QTableView using only QStandardItemModel
SpreadsheetGear fonts look blurred compared to Excel
[Excel] Populate list via a bi-Condition
Hibernate: find duplicates
Simple math statements in bash in a for loop.
when should I use "apache:apache" or "nobody:nobody" on my web server files?
Web application in drupal?
Bash Daemon Named "sh" or "sleep" not the filename....
Decoupling backing store with Spring Web MVC
qt soap client + ASP.net Web service
Running code in MatLab/Mathematica only after having written it all
Save Matlab invisible plot under terminal as an image with same size
basic matlab help
[Matlab] Filling in an Array
Single user mode in mac
What is the best book for learning Scala for an experienced programmer?
Detecting program errors in bash scripts?
How do I get an Mac OS Component Manager Component to be visible to other processes?
Avoiding boilerplace when dealing with many unrelated types
SecurityException when making ajax call from only a certain machine?
implementing a per-digit counter using the list monad
Is there a Matlab-y way to find local maxima in an image?
Command key as Meta key in OS X Terminal.app
Qt, text on a black and white screen
Web Service solutions from Mac
Haskell pixel drawing library linux
Haskell question regarding data
PHP regex expression for the following...
How do you uninstall the Scala Eclipse plugin?
startup script fot Mac OS
Apache C module creation, problem linking SQLite
Static testing for Scala
Spring Hibernates session issue with http request
making graphs with a shell script
Ajax: wait X seconds before load
How to allow ink in a protected worksheet?
how to select particular element from following matrix?(in matlab)
type depence in Haskell
Error while generating a PDF file with Excel using C# in ASP.NET
putting the last command's wall time in bash prompt
apache configuration - what am I missing here?
Excel file with multiple sheets from SSRS Reports
Consuming SOAP Web Services in Drupal from C# client
creating custom pages with jquery php
How to register multiple servlets in web.xml in one Spring application
Ambiguous type variable
How Do I Loop Through An Excel Spreadsheet With VBA, Paste A Value To A Website Form Then Extract The Result Back?
Spring MVC and JSF navigation rules together
call a method with jQuery AJAX
Hibernate implicit entity restrictions
QT: Context menu (QMenu) reference from the QTableWidget.
Hibernate one-to-one entity association with shared PK between 3 classes
How to add a div class to Wordpress Auto Nav?
Echoing a string that contains PHP (in WordPress)
Do I need a separate server to implement an ESB (e.g. Apache Camel, Mule) ?
Single person working on a web app. What platform to use?
Haskell IO with Numbers
Notifying subclass of QAbstractItemModel about changes
Best blogging software for developer
Drupal: Create a custom page
Idiom for achievieng imperative wiring in a declarative Spring xml config?
Hibernate session problem for transactions.
Scala: Whats the best way to do numeric operations in generic classes?
Analysing Excel VBA/Macro code
Magento and unsetting a custom boolean attribute
How to handle proxies when using QNetworkAccessManager
Add specific directories to bash find command
Tab-Key blocks Circumflex (^)
QPlainTextEdit for single line of input
haskell global var
How to do fast prefix string matching in Scala
Listing ajax data in search engines ?
Node relations in Drupal Views
Getting 206 Partial Content and not sure why.
Hiding Qt widget and keeping widget space
Need to increase PHP memory_limit for specific directory NOT entire server
display preceeding zeros in csv file when viewing in excel
Accessing Excel.ComboBox from C#
Remote debugging under Mac OS X
Ajax, Check for updates,  Same_origin_policy
Magentoâ€”Problem overriding Adminhtml block
Bash Scripting General Questions (conditionals and variable passing)
whats up with QLayout->setParent
OpenXML sdk v2.0 Performance issue when deleting a first row in 20,000+ rows excel file
how can I find the parameters of matrix-equation in matlab?
Wordpress Install: "ERROR: you must provide an e-mail address."
QWebPage triggers loadFinished() several times
Excel structured reference table syntax
Wordpress - Allow Editors To Manage Theme Widgets
static site apache and dynamic/member site django
Easiest way to extract the urls from an html page using sed or awk only.
WordPress 404 Errors
How do I access Matlab structure fields within a loop?
Anonymous comments not saved in Drupal
Spring Web Flow
Problem with PNG Fix  for 2 overlapping images
Hibernate. big Results and Pagination
QSignalMapper and original Sender()
Contents of PyString in Qt Creator debugger?
Drupal CCK field type with complex fAPI child fields
Can I use a block when defining a Scala anonymous function?
Writing from Matlab to Excel with activex
Grails dynamic database connections?
can we build a Mac installer with a delayed restart?
How to save unsigned char to MySQL
Magento - Buy X Get Y Free - Realistically, Buy one get one free BOGOF
Drupal theme_table... A way to theme nested tables?
How do I prompt a user for confirmation in bash script?
grouping items in a view
A simple small shell script to compute averages
Is there a way to control which implicit conversion will be the default used?
Pick Up curent user in bash on a mac
Any existing way to make sure beans defined in spring xml are stateless?
Wordpress: How to create a video gallery in wordpress?
cancel hibernate query
read file line by line in bash expands special characters
Learning ASP.NET MVC on Mac OS X
Connection hangs after time of inactivity
Wordpress Database Fatal error
In Scala, how do you define a local parameter in the primary constructor of a derived class?
matlab: binomial distribution
Magento DataFlow Integration and Module Development Resources?
Hibernate : Java Application must be restarted for data to be realoaded.
Limiting Size of HTTP POST Requests
How to implement a stdin, stdout wrapper ?
Scala compiler error due to constructor parameter (property) having same name in both base and derived class and used in derived method
Any reason for having "val capacity : Int" instead of "val Int Capacity" in Scala
How do you move a widget from one tab to another and keep a layout
Best way to save extra data for user in Drupal 6
.TXT FILES IN MATLAB
Getting Hibernate Exception : org.hibernate.QueryException: could not resolve property
Breaking up a large Hibernate class
Can a Scala program be compiled to run on any JVM, without having Scala installed on the given machine?
How to upload (FTP) files to server in a bash script?
In Qt, how to show keyboard shortcuts in menu but disable them?
What event fires if Excel VBA code execution is prematurely ended?
Drupal user_external_login_register
many instances of apache get spawned with Passenger/Rails
Kill random process with name
Thousands of instances of index.php opening at the same time
Add HTML markup to $wpdb results in Wordpress
org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Transactional vs javax.jdo.annotations.Transactional
how to assign random energy E to every node and compare two nodes for maximum energy and also find distance between them?
Locking Your Own NSPreferencePane?
macos : list windows and detect new windows
How can I display an error message in matlab?
Allow PHP inside form
best practice for loading necessary JSON data: jquery's $(document).ready() hook? in the <HEAD> of page?
problem with dropdownlist updateprogress and updatepanel
Drupal: Views Grouping Issue
Return a regex match in a BASH script, instead of replacing it
Make sure int variable is 2 numbers long, else add 0 in front to make it 2 numbers long
Case classes vs Enumerations in Scala
Spring Faces Javascript
How to use JUnit and Hibernate usefully?
Excel cell Format Changes in text
AJAX slowdown because of virus scanners or active network filtering?
handling  servlet output in ajax
Redirecting from pubilc_html to public_html/new/
Compile scala classes with debug info through Maven
Codeigniter In Wordpress Page
Importing text files with comments in MatLab
Is it possible to change the content type on nodes in Drupal 6?
Drupal - Ubercart file download link not working from e-mail.
Generalized Gaussian Noise generator in matlab
Matlab - usage of knnclassify
Drupal â€” Fatal error: Class 'Memcache' not found
matlab: displaying markup (HTML or other format)
Reasonably secure way to allow table name access on client side
Drupal - General means for finding templates?
change user_profile_form form fields order
Wordpress query post get Image unless blank
Best Way to Ajax-Control Table Rows
Ajax file upload
Drupal theme function not being overridden
apache-webserver-website publishing
Anonymous "gobble" in Matlab
What are some good books for learning Haskell (and/or OCaml/ML) in particular, and functional programming style in general?
Automatic selection of control points in Matlab
RewriteRule to disregard a url variable
xapool connection timed out
split svnversion output in bash
switch mod rewritten URL
How do you turn on a hibernate filter for a particular entity by default?
Wordpress posts don't show up
mod_jk on windows 64 bit
How to convert X => Option[R] to PartialFunction[X,R]
Mac Resource editor in Snow Leopard?
Where can I find documentation for Scala's delayed function calls?
Referencing beans in xml config created via Annotations
best approaches in designing for wordpress a theme, need some advice
Turn off excel merge cell warning from matlab
Using Hibernate/JPA without relationships and avoiding multiple DB calls
Hibernate collection handling  basics
Apache Velocity: Is there a standard way of verifying the correctness of a template from the command line?
safe, fast CFLAGS for mex functions in matlab
PHP/ Ajax/ jQuery - Equivalent for my code please!
how to find remaining nodes in following code which are not participating in making edges with each other?
PHPIniDir broken under windows 7?
Getting object instance by string name in scala
filterMap scala
Understanding why "pimp my library" was defined that way in Scala
Least squares optimal scaling
How to make an unboxed array of floats I can get a Ptr to
slideshow module for drupal
Locale-aware uppercase in Bash?
Possible Wordpress URL rewriting issue
AJAX TabPanels - How to remove panel Outline/Border
Drupal: Modifying a User at Registration
Apache comes back with nothing
pass multiple parameters to jquery ajax call
How to design an IDE using Qt?
How do websites generally log users out automatically when session expires?
Need some help with Scala's instance variables
Drupal: re-selecting taxonomy terms in advanced search
Scala case classes in collections
excel vba adding programatically commandbutton to userform
How to have AJAX trigger the browser's loading
Convert list of Integers into one Int (like concat) in haskell
Way to do radio buttons in Qt 4.4.3 menus
Java Script and AJAX
search through a range of directories bash script
WordPress Plugin Coding Problem
Spring Security Logout
Using Qt in a pre-existing x-platform project?
Creating a custom content type in drupal
Hibernate displaytag big lists
Multiple complexFilter in Magento's api v2
Custom Events in Magento
How can I run multiple Apache 2 instances on Ubuntu?
how to connect to mutiple databases in hibernate
Mac OS X Debug Error
Trouble installing/compiling lua on macosx
Setting focus on QLineEdit while showing the QListView view
Find out if install script runs on mac or linux machine
Using Scala Actors to create sth like a Pipeline
Is there a way to change the title of the MATLAB Command Window?
[OS X] What can cause dlopen: no suitable image found (can't map)?
Sequence expression in bash
excel 2003, putting a button or textbox on worksheet?
How to create a executable .exe file from .m file
Hibernate sort by properties inner bean ?
Spring - config apache commons email
How can Android connect to Drupal service?
How To Post Articles To Wordpress Programmatically?
A  good magento shared  host
How to update QCompeter's model dynamically
Copy and paste cells if Duplicate columns , Excel Macro slightly different question
Streaming live video to a web site
How to share clipboard between tmux/vim and osx
defer processing during apache page render
Return type of "|" in Scala's parser combinators
Magento from 1.3 to 1.4
scala "error: io error while decoding" "with utf-8"
ajax javascripts not working correctly with .htaccess mod_rewrite
Is is possible to capture the type parameter of a trait using Manifests in Scala 2.7.7?
Run ready function on a page that is pulled in via AJAX
BlueHost vs. VNhosting for Drupal
When is it OK to use an IORef?
Wordpress pull Blog Post
Returning a decyphered string as part of tuple in Haskell
ajax request to different host
What's new in QuickCheck 2?
Connecting nodes to specific dates
How to "unpack" a structure in haskell
Table view not updating according to bindings - Part Deux
Getting MouseMoveEvents in Qt
Add email field to comment drupal
MVC architecture for front-end
Drupal: add contact form as field to user profile
JRuby app throws exception in Spring
Is it possible to test the return value of Haskell I/O functions?
Spring 3.0: Unable to locate Spring NamespaceHandler for XML schema namespace
excel funny table syntax
How to add a method to a Scala Enumeration object?
How to simulate a low level keypress on os x?
concurrency in hibernate
Apache 2 Sites-Available Configuration
how to map a one-to-many collection to a joined subclass when key is in the parent class
Turn in Matlab a line into a matrix
How do I persist a Java property of type Object using Hibernate?
excel programming
Matlab - problem with creating SQL query
Excel 2007 Combo Box - Developer Ribbon vs. VBA Module
Lists in Haskell : data type or abstract data type?
How to trasnform query?
what is the scheduling algorithm followed in mac os ?
using BC dates in Drupal date field
how to map "a-b" query to a command object in Spring MVC
Add Comment and Reaction Count in Wordpress with Disqus plugin
Synchronize data between frontend and backend
Help needed with F_NOCACHE in mac
Hassle with Hibernate and Spring and Dynamic Proxies
Little Bash Script: Catch Errors?
How to match rigid types in a type class instance?
Excel formula - auto sum for the same types
Excel formula - auto sum for the same types
.htaccess rewrite and subdomains
Excel picture tools format vba
is there a scripting solution for determining the default application path for a file on the Mac?
Generate .h and .cpp from .ui file
Compiling and using spl2c on Mac OS X 10.6
Is it possible to use QFontDatabase::addApplicationFont() in Symbian?
Apache Rewrite and variable
Custom File Filter Upload
Getting a List of Applications Capable of Opening a Type of File
Magento: Getting Product Url's for Products within a Grouped Product
Darwin: how to kill parent process without killing child?
hibernate - session monitor tool
Change A cell address to row,column in Excel sheet
Sort ArrayBuffer[A] in scala?
In Hibernate, is there any difference between session.get() and session.load() besides how bad IDs are handled?
Magento search not returning expected results
Detecting Ajax in PHP and making sure request was from my own website.
Hibernate transaction problem
caching per request in ASP.NET?
google webtool kit or really simple history?
Spring 3 on GlassFish 2.1 java.lang.NoSuchFieldError: APPLICATION_CONTEXT_ID_PREFIX
Does Scala run on GWT?
State Monad, sequences of random numbers and monadic code
Checking if a matlab handle is a valid one
hyperlink to a sheet in excel
QMenu* << QAction* -- Help Me Write A Global QMenu Insertion Operator
How to make read-only data accessible by diff requests while the server is running (apache, mod_python)
How to convert QWidget 's image format from ARGB32_PreMultiplied to ARGB32 ?
Apache directory listing
How to make a clickable header in wordpress?
Qt Webkit - AutoComplete an Input
How to print integer literals in binary or hex in haskell?
creating new records using REST and AJAX
Is there a way in Hibernate to set not-null to true on save but not delete in a mapping config?
Hibernate Search querying ?
Record speaker output with Audio Unit
how to  insert a tr which is deleted from another table using jquery and ajax
Use Preferences menu item.
Sporadic errSecAuthFailed (-25293) when accessing KeyChain with SecKeychainFindGenericPassword?
How to configure transaction management for working with 2 different db in Spring?
Lookup on another sheet in excell
Splitting data into two classes visually in matlab
return 404 error on existing directory
bash script to always answer No to any prompt ?
C++ FileIO Pointer Leak error
Uploading images via FCKeditor in drupal
Ajax-driven complex layout RIAs and mvc frameworks
How to substitute a string in bash script
Is there an "easy" way to add customizable keyboard shortcuts to my Qt4 app?
Drupal Theming - Background images without dimensional constraints
Wordpress - image.php - if no image redirect to home
Apache AllowOverride equivalent in Lighttpd
Case classes with an upper type bound
JavaScript problem?
Wordpress selecting wrong DB
hibernate - projection a component
vlookup doesn't work
Jquery Ajax Returned Array - how to handle in Javascript
Ajax Calendar always visible
excel time serial back to text
Why hibernate session.close() does not flushes the data automatically?
Cannot migrate from spring 2.5 to spring 3.0
MATLAB's hmmtrain assumes initial transition from state 1
Why it does not work?
What can be improved on my first haskell program?
File based Spring Security
Download page template for Wordpress
Create block that displays preconfigured-term search results
Why is my Bash script adding <feff> to the beginning of files?
accessing HttpServletRequest object in Spring WebFlow
Apache: Download files getting a CR inserted before every LF (even spreadsheets)
Simple AJAX code not being recognized
How can an app tell if it's running on a hackintosh?
where does drupal store the actual content in the database?
bash/sh single-quote, doublequote & backquote question
hibernate creates problem for table with composite primary key while generating hibernate classes with eclipse
Ajax cross domain question
exchange axis of an "ezplot"
Bash: Convert non-ASCII characters to ASCII
Wordpress: wp_get_attachment_thumb_url
EntityManager.merge inserts duplicate entities
Split line into words in bash
How do I reuse paintings in Qt
Porting threads from QT3 to QT4
Efficiency of equality in Haskell
Lock screen by api in mac os X
Redirecting Wordpress's Login/Register page to a custom login/registration page
Create WebApplication with Drupal: development steps...
Are Hibernate and RDLC alternatives to each other?
spring transactional cpool. Which one do I use?
Magento - How to add/remove links on my account navication?
Apache Velocity $ vs $!{}
Code to have Wordpress display a monthly archive?
Script puzzle <script src="ajaxpage.php?emp_id=23" /> ?
Safety when installing plugins on domains I don't own
Split a database of mol2 molecules into N smaller sets
Ajax ReordeList and asp:FileUpload Problem
Integrating Several Drupal Sites
haskell fastCGI on lighttpd, need help with configuration
Using update panel in AJAX a good practice in asp.net?
Declaring multiple variables in scala
Assign a taxonomy term to a view instance
Scrolling different Widgets at the same time
Passing a string with spaces as a function argument in bash
Custom Class - IBOutlets Not Working?
Differences Between MATLAB 4.2c And The Lastest One
QTextCodec subclass - how to register my codec
Why doesn't this type declaration work?
How to add url shortener API to wordpress posts links?
How Can a Plugin Hijack a URL in WordPress?
Multiple RewriteConds and RewriteRule Stacked Together
Two mappings for one database table
Change Ads automatically Drupal Ad module
Creating Qt models for tree views
Are there alternatives to ibtool for parsing NIB files?
Trying to program a Drupal calendar input blacklist
Sample a process on Mac OS X from a C/C++ program
How to eliminate stack trace when running Specs through SBT?
Bash scripting: How do I parse the output of a command and perform an action based on that output?
lost library when recompiling Obj-C project
Applying a function to a tuple in Scala
Ant-Ivy-Scala Template: any suggestions on improvements?
Excel: Find the minimal value in a column
Scala: How to Create Immutable Map/Set from an Seq?
Query string used for AJAX not refreshing.
Getting failure detail on failed scala/maven/specs tests
Apache Rewrite RULE
Qt question to fullscreen flash application
How to pass string as function argument in Matlab ?
Drupal import Tweets from Twitter as Nodes
search multiple php files, and replace text ?
Retrieving value (not display item) of DropDown
What is the difference between scala self-types and trait subclasses?
Scala traits vs abstract classes
Open an external link in a lightbox in Wordpress
Question on Scala Abstract Type
Bash insert a comma (,) after every third field of a variable or array?
Monad trait in Scala
Expanding mySQL query to include more content
osx mysql gui with plain text output?
Connect to Matlab engine from C in Linux
Distributing a Haskell program as C source
a div above another?
How to use circshift in Matlab? What am I doing wrong?
Drupal 6: Modifying uid of a submitted node
Wordpress Inline Images - Does it ignore the right margin values?
Setting up a basic web proxy in apache?
How to use scala.None from Java code
qt python : combo-box bug behavior?
Storage of auditable fields per entity
How to call Magento Api method in another api class?
Hibernate query cache - for objects not in the 2nd level cache - risky? usefull? bad practice?
What is the motivation for Scala assignment evaluating to Unit rather than the value assigned?
Wordpress Admin Section users.php
Spring framework IDE - where to learn efficently?
automatically processing contents of <textarea> without user pressing a button
@PrimaryKeyJoinColumn with Bidirectional @OneToOne relationship
wavread in matlab to c++
Correct owner/group/permissions for Apache 2 vhosts files/folders under Mac OS X (10.6)?
Wordpress Posting News Items Side By Side, Not Stacked
Any conversion from scala's XML to w3c DOM?
using populated xml element from ajax
Saving settings in matlab
PHP wordpress style related posts
How would I convert my .htaccess file to NGINX?
Magento Store - Extension
MagentoCommerce development environment domain issue
How to add text to disk image?
Spring Security Redirect if no access on page
Qt app text size incorrect under MacOSX
Close client connection preaturely with apache/mod_perl
Difference between Abstract Class and Trait
How can I safely port my wordpress blog to localhost?
Copy/Paste from Excel to a web page
Compiling Qt app agains latest VC++ 2008 runtime
How do you modify the fields output in Drupal's RSS Feeds
How does Qt implements signals and slots?
ajax wordpress posts
dlmalloc + CPP + strdup + Mac OS X = crash
Wordpress theme Javascript problem
Magento Store - Get Base URL in Static Block
Qt Application: Simulating modal behaviour (enable/disable user input)
Redirecting /media/* to /project/media/* and everything else to /dispatch.php
Drupal | How do you integrate a module into views?
Infinite loop using Spring Security - Login page is protected even though it should allow anonymous access
want each call to save to commit
Drupal Photo Gallery Tutorial
Spring Security Concurrency On Different Browsers
SQL query in tables side by side instead of one long table
Hibernate Auto Increment ID
stop apache injecting it's own 404 not found page to the custom 404 error page
Wordpress Rss Feed problem. Please help me
WordPress - Theme changes overwritten by GoDaddy
Using Undercover with ScalaTest and Mavern
Show other data in QTableView with QItemDelegate
Generate vector EMF/WMF (Windows Metafile) clipboard content from Qt 4.5
Scala Raw Strings: Extra tabs at the start of each line
Limit associated entities loaded through a Hibernate Criteria
why does hibernate not force you to mark fields as virtual, but nhibernate does?
Problems with AJAX control
How to ensure that  methods called from same thread use the same DB session
drupal cck image_field and imagecache
how to set query to be read uncommitedd?
Problem with Apache on Mac OS X
QT4: Is it possible to make a QListView scroll smoothly?
How to create a decent toString() method in scala using reflection?
Sorting an XML file with Qt
Bash: Recursively remove files
Haskell -- "The last statement in a 'do' construct must be an expression"
Wordpress Database $wpdb versus get_option()
installing cairo on Mac OS Lion
logging in scala
Keep formatting on an excel cell
Packaging an excel addin
Cross Platform C library for GUI Apps?
Finding Ajax Post URL Without Access to Source
How to draw & export a transparent image with Nokia Qt C++ ?
How to get serial number from hard disks? "Mac"
Drupal onChange auto populate another CCK select list
using find with exec
An efficient technique to replace an occurence in a sequence with mutable or immutable state
DB backup problem with Spring/Hibernate GenerationType.AUTO
Linewidth and precision of ezplot
Align tab in QTabBar from left
Wordpress how to prevent category and archive crawl and index
awk without printing newline
Qt, VS2005, Qwt - Can't use Q_OBJECT in class derived from Qwt widgets
hibernate::map maping
Haskell - specyfing kind in data declaration
Ajax  Logging on any site
How can I have multiple fields with the same taxonomy on Drupal's node creation form?
XCode debugger sucks; alternatives?
(C++ QT) QList only allows appending constant class objects?
match tuple with null
Line of best fit scatter plot
Drupal print book navigation
Spring - Have multiple submit buttons in a form and determine which was pressed in a controller
integrating springMVC and extjs
Qt Fold/Unfold Widget?
Using NOT LIKE in Filter property of VBA recordset
Jquery Ajax loading form on asp.net webform
making a GET request to a webservice from the playframework 2.0
Generate information based on content in RoR, any ideas on that??
Platform independent way of setting a unhandled exception handler using Qt?
Hibernate creates two primary keys when I only want one...
How to get a distinct result, but return another column in the select?
Adding a custom variable to get_posts
Wordpress: Editing pages with another editor.
Excel Overtime Calculation
Drupal automatic glossary for specific terms
Hibernate session keeping track of objects
Is there a way to use OLE DB Provider for Jet on an unsaved Excel workbook?
Spring Security - Custom authentication provider not called
Magento - Custom Products Ordered Report - How to Extend using "local" code pool?
When is image within the updateprogress control sent to client in asp.net ???
Bash Script User Input and Display Data.. pls hlep me??
Wordpress .htaccess errors
Using CMS to make webapps.
Apache+Tomcat6+Struts2 redirect problem
How can a Qt client talk to a Spring server application?
What programming task provided your breakthrough with monads?
How can I simulate user interaction (key press event) in QT?
wp_list_categories does not show current category
Is there a haskell function for dates?
Raise and lower QTreeWidgetItem in a QTreeWidget?
if hibernate can generate the db schema, how to tell it to create a column of nvarchar(max)?
wordpress plugin, access $wpdb on non visible page
scala: suggestion for an idea for a hands on session
hibernate - uniqueResult silently fails
adding onsubmit to drupal login forms
Is there option to have powerfull URL and Aliases in Drupal, not the poor one that I've found?
Display New WordPress Post Without Reloading Page
Wordpress - call the functions in specific order
Magento Store - Add nofollow to Layered Navigatio
Plotting data on time (date) axis in matlab
Why does ghci say that 1.1 + 1.1 + 1.1 > 3.3 is True?
Ids not available from proxy object
[Apache] RewriteRule removing trailing dot.
Mac/Windows MIDI application programming language
Drupal Displaying the Vote up down widget 2.x
AJAX Frameworks for C#
Drupal: Checking to see if User Has Picture
Show dialog/frame fullscreen on a second sceen sing QT/c++
RDC sessions to Win 7 terminate on CTR and arrow keys
Wordpress Gallery Links
PHP image upload grey lines
Ending tail -f started in a shell script
Jquery Ajax Validation Not Functioning On Submit
Wordpress get user id by login name
Inserting Wordpress Plugin content to posts
Time Machine API / Command-line scripts ?
How to replace old ParamText/StandartAlert with newer CFString replacements?
plugin for 2.0 insert on wordpress
Convert image (jpg) to base64 in Excel VBA?
AJAX Drop Down Extender problems updating Textbox with selected index value
Fastest way to import CSV files in MATLAB
Not parsing layout xml in Magento
exporting matlab class object (or struct) into java object of similar class using xml
Simple Automatic Backup Solution for Magento?
How can I exit [NSRunLoop runUntilDate]?
Excel through OleDb shows numbers differently...depending on whether spreadsheet is open!?
Is there any way to force TextMate to cache files?
How to run the equivilant of PHP and MySQL on portable media (eg CD, USB and/or iPhone)
Generating javadoc for project involving scala modules
How to import .class file in jsp page which is not in standard library?
magento changing Shipping Method -error
Data Classification:sizes of training and test vectors
How to automatically spin a 3d hsitogram in matlab?
How to auto-size column-width in Excel during text entry
How to auto-resize qt widget?
Search and sort data from several files
Showing specific categories
Subdomain read domain session
Hibernate Validation and Spring 3.x
Hibernate One-to-Many cascade efficiency
pbcopy does not seem to work within a gnu screen window in OSX
Bash or Python for extracting blocks from text files
MATLAB's fminsearch function
Matlab - Find  point of intersection between two vectors
Hibernate validator error - 4.0.2.GA
Remove Password from Excel File -- Without having to Install Excel on my servers
How to sort through an association table in hibernate?
Ajax & Forms Question (Looking for Resources)
Mac Excel 2008: Macros?
Pattern matching with multiline XML case
How to let the user switch language in playframework 2
What's the best way to compare two sheets in an Excel workbook
Spring Ajax controller - Accept submissions without refreshing page
Wait for getJSON response
Scala:  binary incompatibility between releases
Duplex or request-reply with Apache ActiveMQ WCF Binding configuration question
Please Help Me With Mysql Slow Query Analysis.
display vacabularies in drupal 6
return latest version of a drupal node
How can I inject a property value into an annotation configured spring mvc 3.0 controller
Pull data from WordPress
Conversion strategies for bind variables
Is there an example on how to use Spring 3.0 content negotiation for RESTful services?
backporting NSWindowDelegates windowDidEndLiveResize behaviour in OSX 10.5?
Displaying Large Text Files via Ajax/dojo
Creating a "Uninstaller" for a program on Mac OS.
bit.ly links in wordpress twitter status updates leads to 404
Bash arrays: Need help with white space
OS X Mac and writing a twain scanning application.
Magento & Subversion (SVN) - Getting a Development Environment Started?
Derived Scala case class with same member variables as base
How to remove maximize button in Mac OS X tool window in Qt
Circular type parameters definition in scala
local variable inside  the loop issue
How would one check for installed MATLAB toolboxes in a script/function?
Matching case sub-classes on super type in Scala
Remove escaped quotes from Wordpress posts
problem creating an EhCache Cache from spring
Spring + Hibernate + JPA
How do I align QtWidget to right in the QtToolBar?
Haskell -- How to split a number into a list for further processing?
Remove One Time Login System in Drupal Froget Password
Another Spring + Hibernate + JPA question
How do you port a Cocoa/Mac application to Windows?
Should mod_proxy_ajp or mod_jk be used for a production environment?
Calculating displacement moved in Matlab
QTableView - what signal is send when user selects a row by clicking to it?
Using checkboxes with Jquery AJAX
Qt's pragma directives
Hibernate search API with 2 tables
Mac OSX fullscreen application problem
QtWebKit Manager
How do you model form changes under Spring MVC?
add column to wordpress database
scala actors: long running io operations
Cocoa document-based application with multiple document types
Haskell counted list type
Scala regexps: how to return matches as array or list
Elegant way to handle upsert with Hibernate and MySQL
preprocess function for cck node types
Drupal: Can Book layout menu be added and expanded in the primary menu?
QWebView get content type
Drupal: displaying a language switcher only when the content is translated
Drupal: module, cck or other
MS Excel: how to enter free-form text in cell with drop-down-list?
Wordpress Custom Options In Admin Area
Haskell -- more type inference problems
How to create a tree with filtered nodes from drupal taxonomy.
How to modify the drupal search templates?
Magento Store - Remove Block using Update XML
2 connections per server?
Is more ajax better for resources on a web app?
Drop-down list in Excel cell
Change wordpress navbar to link straight to post or page
Non-negative integers
jquery ajax call for asp.net mvc application getting two unauthorized reponses then Ok
How to execute sql-script file using hibernate?
"Publish" to pdf
Can you configure a single folder in a WordPress install that will allow directory list contents
Maintain HTTP Referer
bash script execution date/time
Conflicting nested inherited traits
Best way to show notifications and messages LIVE on a webpage?
website hostname and docroot
How to tell Wordpress category page to call specific sidebar
Function fails on the second time i call it.
Errors installing some gems on Snow Leopard - libxml2
Using jQuery in a Wordpress post
Getting Exeception
How does wordpress password hash work?
how to disable spring bean loading log
Contextual Menu Item development for OSX (Leopard and Snow Leopard)
QProgressbar and QNetworkReply signals
How can I enable auto-updates in a Qt cross-platform app?
What columns stores the slug in wordpress
Missing file [Qt]
Why does Seq.contains accept type Any rather than the type parameter A?
Dependency Injection problem with EntityManagerFactory + jpadaosupport
Setting up NHProf for Hibernate
how to see the code fo a matlab mex file
Drupal language negotiation
Why Option[T] ?
What's the best php / mysql emulator
Seeking good practice advice: multisite in Drupal
Dynamic injection of bean properties based on a locale variant in Spring
Newbie QT question about connect
How to keep URL display unchanged after redirecting root folder to sub folder
core dump in Mac OS X
How to make this if statement in bash
Display output of a Bash command and keeping the output in a variable
pass sheet to a function (excel vba)
MATLAB: convert vector to cell array
How to convert m-files to dlls?
Wordpress Error - Needs a fix
Magento Complex Attribute: Value(s) = (Drop-Down item + Text Field input), and need an "Add Another" button.
Mac installer that runs a script
Submit multiple value when using Ajax.Request and Starbox
How to build latest Qt from Git repository on windows?
QT for cross platform plugin development?
PHP image crop error
Calling MATLAB from C
magento payment methods - enable for admin only
Add messages with Spring
Qt Threading with signal slot?
creating a file downloading script with checksum verification
Drupal: how to rate node filefields?
How to read using "read" from file descriptor 3 in bash script?
Recipe for upgrading JBoss 5.x Hibernate to 3.5.x?
Deriving a type and its dependencies
How to convert project files?
Updating HTML via JSON/AJAX
WordPress Category Hierarchy
drupal :how to pass current userid as argument
Example of how to parse exiftool JSON output in Haskell
How can release excel object with IDisposeable interface
Exporting .xls to .csv issues
Scala abstract method param question, List of T
Hiberate save-update listener and ascertaining field changes
Drupal Ajax data retrieval delayed
How do I switch external css files with ajax?
Open Ajax Issue
Mac: reloading document in Chrome or Firefox?
Bash scripting problem
QUrl does not parse host name with underscore
Hibernate inheritance search
Infinite loop on combination of RewriteRules
Do I have to delete it? [Qt]
Is it a missing implementation with JPA implementation of hibernate??
Simplest build of QMYSQL3
Code/Function/Library to intent/format/prettify JavaScript/QtScript code for readablity within the application?
What would be the Spring way of using TCP connections?
Call stack in compiled matlab
Hibernate doesn't work anymore... why?
Qt + VTK + Cmake
How to manage a large dataset using Spring MySQL and RowCallbackHandler
Hibernate: How to remove an entity to which noone refers to in ManyToOne?
multiple session factories, one connection?
Use-cases for Streams in Scala
How to remove an item from a List in Haskell
Scala, repeat a finite list infinitely
Hibernate MySQL transaction configuration issue
Get MYSQL Data Into AJAX
How to hide Excel window from a user
Unwrapping datatypes in Haskell without extraneous code
what is @ operator in Matlab
How to get Enumeration  Value's Enumeration definition?
MacOS X. No such file or directory for Lua framework.
AJAX request from one subdomain to another subdomain, but on the same domain
Drupal FileField remove file from node but leave on Server
Hibernate  : how to configure the Flush after every RW-D operation ?
Ajax send function wont fire?
What's the advantage of using drupal's module_load_include vs. just including a file?
How to switch SVN server from one IP address to another
Drupal form_submit and default_value
Whats the best way to send QStrings in a function call?
Excel VBA - Insert a Row to a Specific Set of Columns
QtScript: crash on 64-bit windows.
Hibernate Query that Orders an Attribute based on a nested path.
Find Text Cells That Are Too Small to Display Contents
Drupal Theming - Different themes for each webform
How can I implement a blocking process in a single slot without freezing the GUI?
if statement error bash
Grepping complex strings in variables.
Ajax post via https from an http page
what is the purpose of form_state , delta variables in drupal
Feedburner Subscribe box in wordpress blog
How can I convince mod_rewrite to stay away from my Subversion repositories?
Test universal binary for mac
Drupal sharing content between two websites
Detect bottleneck on program and use opencl to speedup
Help with Excel VBScript - fill columns with data
excel - how to duplicate each row with a macro
How to find duplicate files with same name but different case that exist in same folder in Linux?
How to handle DataIntegrityViolationException in Spring?
In the Content admin page, how do I see all nodes by a specific user?
Performance issue with accessing Microsoft.Office.Core.DocumentProperties
How to get system time in Haskell using Data.Time.Clock?
No results with QXmlQuery
How to get the name of the current git branch into a variable in a shell script?
TreePlot String Labeling MATLAB
Looking for a tutorial and/or example for the following: Annotation based Spring 3 with JPA and/or hibernate
Ajax script only returns results sometimes?
Running Python & Django on IIS
Excel - Open Multiple Windows and Tile on Sheet Tab Click
kext for 10.4 - 10.6
How to open DBase files (.DBF) in Matlab?
Drupal - Webform element theming
How can I keep on the fly application level statistics in an application running under Apache?
Copy html content from iframe into Div (AJAX) ?
Most efficient way to store simple data in drupal 6 and share with views?
Get three posts before a certain date in Wordpress
Same column in two worksheets are aligned differently horizontally
Matlab 2009b & .NET
Simple Qt Embedded Window Question
web toolkit that does all of this?
why we integrate Qt with visual studio
Is there a test suite for verifying a QT port?
Add new Entity to persisted Collection
hibernate:  foreign key is primate key
Controlling Hibernate's generated subselect
drupal views: how to create a web form for each user
In Excel how to create multiple rows from a single data row
Reading values from an Excel File
Sites that do server aliasing for other websites to use an external platform
Hibernate: constraintName is null in MySQL
Convert Spring Batch from 1.1.3 to 2.0.0
Drupal: customizing user registration workflow for communicating with another webapp
Wordpress: Find posts in category 1 and not in category 2
bash scripting challenge
Calling a python function from bash script
Apache Rewrite Override Mime and Proxy Request?
how to use a macro to transpose data from rows into columns
How to "white label" spring beans
Show warning/error to user without using wp_die
QMutex stuck in locked state
Wordpress posts not styling
ajax calls being called too fast.
How to filter posts with multiple category names in WordPress?
Hibernate: How to set NULL query-parameter value with HQL?
What does "trait A <: B" mean?
Where to find Wordpress API documentation?
Rich text editor (WYSIWYG) for Custom Fields input
Mac: Setting up SVN for personal development
Implement a method using a function value in Scala
Cannot connect to svn server (svnserve)
Debugging QList<double> in Visual Studio with Qt integration
Terracotta With Hibernate and EHCache
What exactly does TypeSynonymInstances do?
Hibernate many to one delets all parents when a child is deleted
Hibernate - How to cascade deletes using annotations where only unidirectional child relationship is specified
Bash output as Applescript list problems.
Qt dependencies between projects
Learning Haskell: String manipulation question
Change Spring email settings based on dev/test/prod mode
mod_rewrite loops even with L flag
Including a debug build in a library's Mac OS X SDK
Apache RewriteCond from result of php request
Using items in the background of a QGraphicsScene
Type of a local function in haskell
settings from qt project file in code
How to pipe a here-document through a command and capture the result into a variable?
How do I use PIA to open an Excel workbook and save the first sheet to a text file?
Filter out categories in wordpress
Using Spring, mapping to root in web.xml, static resources aren't found
How to use the scala dispatch library to send a post request to the server in the Lift ?
Magento: Several custom blocks all outputting the same code!
Hibernate: How to exclude a class which is part of a join using the Criteria API
Python Qt: embedded html bug?
Qt: Python tcp client sends data over socket. How to read these bytes with Qt ?
Implementation of Drupal Memcache in custom modules
Very large drupal page execution time
Moving a non-core theme from /themes to /sites/default/themes safely in Drupal 6.14
Display posts from x cat and y tag
Is there a way of publishing Akka actors with Mina?
Sorting Featured Posts (Wordpress)
spring session scoped bean value empty?
Drupal Help - Warning: Unresponsive Script - Everytime Goes into or out of Block Edit Mode
How to additionaly filter list of published nodes in Drupal 6
Spectrogram C++ library
I want to implement right click menus on QTWidgetItems
WordPress get count of posts without using get_posts()?
What's wrong with this code logic?
Hibernate bi-directional many-to-many cascade confusion
Itaerate over a list, returning the current, next and the element before current
How do you return an Iterator in Scala?
Why does a SelectionKey registered to a DatagramChannel return a SelectableChannel in Scala but not Java?
Handling metacharacters in search strings
Drupal reserve checkbox module?
How can you dynamically load Javascript functions using Ajax?
Ajax Javascript show/hide works with JQuery 1.3.2 but not JQuery 1.4
Magento - adding a new field to the product options in admin
Using Application.Run in Excel VBA when workbook name contains spaces
Fixing problems on a site that only breaks on IE7
Scala equivalent to python generators?
How to close modal window when window is closed ?
How to paint contents in multi-thread using qt?
spring hibernate: save form object in relation
Excel, 2 sheets, 2 columns, same value?
In Haskell, is there a way to do IO in a function guard?
Removal of records from excel
Tracking down errors in Haskell
Store LINE in a string in bash
using Spring JdbcTemplate
What does GA means in hibernate versions?
QTextEdit (QT Control) alternative for MFC Application?
in Magento, How to make a payment method that sends POST variables to an external url?
Drupal hook priority
matlab - creating a single dimensional array from two dimensional parts
matlab - print subarray of two dimensional array
Drupal: How to retrieve parent page's $node variable in a block using module_invoke()?
How would wordpress data model a one to many relationship?
QT slot get Signaled twice
Mapping 2 vectors - help to vectorize
private/public qt signals
How to show grouped products thumbnails within Magento product detail view?
Qt4: QTableView mouse button events not caught
How can I hide a password/username used in a bash script for accessing MySQL?
How to modify existing excel file using PHP?
Spring + Hibernate : a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session
Using drupal batch api with services
Differerence between hibernate types: boolean, yes_no, true_false
Can I unite matlab and autocad into one system
bring the application from in focus, by clicking the icon of corresponding application
What is the equivalent of 'fread' from Matlab in Python?
How can I set I checkbox to true in a MATLAB gui?
debug in matlab
Hibernate query not returning full object
Alias an URL in Apache in order to route requests on a certain URL through a PHP-script
drupal_add_css not working
Add wordpress widget to dashboard using PHP Class
Excel: How to get a locale-independent printer name?
Control Processes Started by Bash Daemon
MATLAB block size and memory management
How to set a variable in Wordpress's $wp_query
Wordpress Help on post
Use Matlab cell array in a C/C++ program
Matlab GPU acceleration for loading large point cloud dataset
How do you handle a QSpinBox that can be edited by both the user and the program?
Using a Qt-based DLL in a non-Qt application
Mac shell script running java program puts two icons in the dock
Should I use QCoreApplication::processEvents() or QApplication::processEvents()?
Mini Project: Change the color of the terminal based on the time of day
How to port a Cocoa app to iPhone-OS?
matlab - consider preallocating for speed
For C++ MacOSX app, what threading library to use?
Is there a way in Matlab using the psuedo number generator to generate numbers within a specific range?
Qt show() function after hide(), worked when the window inactive but not active
Spring  HibernateDaoSupport keep the same Session ?
Bash open Firefox Window, then each subsequent window in tabs
In Haskell, is there a way to do "elem" on a constructor with an argument?
matlab to draw ellipse and ellipsoid
Wordpress images as subposts
How is compare different from compareTo in this Scala code?
Implementing a def with 1 parameter as a val of type Function1
is there a way to use a different URL structure for "static" pages in WordPress 2.9?
drupal how  to pass parameters from panels to views
Searching two columns and returning value from third VBA
Drupal - Redirect success message to shadowbox
Skipping exceptions when using map in Haskell
drupal Generate a PDF catalog from a bunch of nodes
Need MySQL Queries to delete WordPress Posts and Post Meta more than X Days Old
Creating Secure Extranets Using Drupal Organic Groups, LifeRay Social or Alfresco Share
Magento Dispatching and Catching Events
Spurious ambiguous reference error in Scala 2.7.7 compiler/interpreter?
Finding the path of a mounted network share on Mac OS X
count(*)  in hibernate criteria ?
Drop into interpreter during arbitrary scala code location
Why delete-orphan needs "cascade all" to run in JPA/Hibernate ?
Spring 3.0 - Unable to locate Spring NamespaceHandler for XML schema namespace [http://www.springframework.org/schema/security]
Get children count via HQL
overriding a magento block in multiple modules (and how to ignore the other ones)
Drupal: Add onchange code to option_widgets in form_alter?
Wordpress: How to Put a Function inside PHP?
How to place comments through the Comment Approval Process in Wordpress?
Using FFT in MATLAB on multiple matrices of data to find differences within responses
Horizontal scroll in a bash window
How do you get a commenter's email address from a WordPress cookie?
APACHE-TOMCAT can anybody elaborate which one is web-server and web-container?
Program Interaction and testing via bash script
Digester: Extracting node name
How do I record timetamps in a MacOSX C++ program?
Is a destructor the right place to mark the end of a script's execution?
Catching mouseDown events of subviews.  (Cocoa osx)
How do I write a csv file from a txt file with line omittion
Create a view that displays node count?
Unresponsive Cancel Button on VBA Userform
MySQL Install: ERROR: Failed to build gem native extension.
Drupal: Exposing module data to Views2
Delegate problem with NSTextField
QtEmbedded (for Kindle!): How are the device plugins supposed to get feedback from the app?
What does the JVM in MATLAB Compiler Runtime (MCR) do?
Odd Behavior With Copy/Paste Into FSI On Mac
Seamlessly direct multiple domains to a single set of PHP files?
CoreLocation for OS X using iFrame Google Maps can't select "Map, Satellite, Terrain" as default
Drupal: Varnish and cookies
Redirect certain requests if referer not from same page?
Output of sub-processes in DOS batch script not visible in Apache
Reading large csv files with strings containing commas as one field
MS Excel create virtual column to use in formula
Best output format for Xargs
QMetaObject Compiler explain?
How to make a sub string selection and concatenation in excel ?
Drupal nested subform
wordpress shortcode problem
Exporting MySQL to Excel
QT Regex matches HTML Tag InnerText
Hierarchy in Qt [C++]
Bash rename extension recursive
More required for Selling Videos, E-book, Softwares using Drupal 6x
How to create folders using file names and then move files into folders?
Mod_rewrite .htm to fake subdirectory
Stripping images from post teasers/excerpts in Wordpress
Why don't I have setTextFormat in my QTextEdit? [Qt] [C++]
Qt plotting application.
Haskell Ambiguous Occurrences -- how to avoid?
Ignore/prune hidden directories with bash find command
What mark up language is thare for Mac Os developers?
How can I prevent dragged items to be drawn during a drag and drop operation in Qt?
How to read bytes from a Socket in Haskell
Linux shell scripting
QGraphicsView accepted events
How can I deny users to add/modify/remove printers to cups ?
Excel VBA: Copy rows from another workbook, but just the function results
Apache 2 Administration Tools on Ubuntu or Windows
solaris echo " [ " character problem
Can't log in to Magento Admin
Can one host multiple store on Magento Community Edition?
Drupal WYSIWYG removing &nbsp automatically
Hibernate (JPA) cascade - retrieve id from child
Display a node references' field as a table and not as a list in Drupal
Excel VBA: Help with deleting cells based on conditions
Unable to transition state to "payment_pending" for user cancelled sales order
QTableWidget: How can I get tighter lines with less vertical spacing padding?
Free CSS editor for Mac OS
modem.oqpskmod for BER
QDialog doesn't accept text input if modal
Whatâ€™s a good way to deal with a german keyboard when using Emacs on Mac OS X?
How to change icon/emblem of a directory from bash
Change widget's CSS class names for different category pages in WordPress
For loop in Bash Script
Qt Show/Hide widget animation
Help with ajax callback and drupal_process_form
Qt::What needs to be included in the configuration to use dbus?
How to wait main application thread till worker thread complete in QT
Drupal: content types URL?
Magento:Getting selected attribute value of product in Checkout Shipping module
count specific word in line in bash
How to get the clicked menu items $mlid in Drupal?
Strange GC behaviour of scala actors application
Spring DefaultMessageListenerContainer, ActiveMQ and message redelivery
excel formula : Find uniques in one column depending on value of another column
Substitute values in a string with placeholders in Scala
Hibernate annotation for postgresql SERIAL type
On MAC O.S., how to get the name of files that has been dropped onto apple script to boot JAR with the name of file as a argument to JAR
how to navigate to another page using QMouseEvent qt event
i wanna start Qt
Run bash with redefined PS1 env variable
comparing modem.oqpsk probability error and ber
Drupal paths in themes
Jersey w/ Spring 3.0?
How to make the window of the mac os app, that fitting to all types of monitors?
Why does my wordpress 404 page appear blank?
Require new password on first login to Wordpress.
How can I debug my Qt application?
Using PHP/Apache to restrict access to static files (html, css, img, etc)
Does spring form taglib disabled attribute really have to resolve to a string?
Capture sound output on mac
What's wrong with this mod_rewrite statement?
shared library locations for matlab mex files:
How can I implement a redirect-after-post form with Spring's AnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter?
Undefined references when trying to link Qt app with my static library.
how do I use a excel function inside the vba editor
Extacting contents from excel in Drupal
In Scala, how to use Ordering[T] with List.min or List.max and keep code readable
Module development tutorial in Drupal
Mac OS. How to create PNG from array data?
NullPointerException on merge()
Absolute file paths in mod_rewrite - allowed?
Wordpress: How to compare 2 float values in meta_value column?
Hibernate: Why @OneToMany with List<MyClass> fails?
Using CoreData with an object?
To use or not to use the user module
.htaccess mod-rewrite how to
Many-value map in Scala
How to track down CPU intensive requests
RewriteRule in .htaccess not working
Removing "user-profile.tpl.php" but it doesn't revert to default view
Drupal: Associating grouping more than one CCK field.
$_Server['REQUEST_URI'] seems to have gone... where?
Spring MVC configuration question
exception generated with qtconcurrent and calling QTime:currentTime
How to associate node with products in Drupal/Ubercart
Where is stdout for a Mac App?
Whats wrong with my Url Mappings?
can I use breakpoints with try catch statements with qt creator?
Spring application root variable
things to consider for qt application development on winXP on atom processor
How to set an alias inside a bash shell script
Is there non-daemon FTP server application fot Mac OS? (like MAMP)
drupal: getting nodeautoterm node ids from taxonomy ids
Adding mutiple if statements together
How do you add two COUNTIF equations together?
Hibernate, Null values and nativeSQL
Strange behavior: Scala Actors 2.7.7 vs. 2.8-Snapshot
Scala XML Building: Adding children to existing Nodes
how do i convert list in reverse order in excel sheet
spring jdbc RowCallbackHandler nightmare
Creating polymorphic recursive types in Haskell
passing bash variables to ssh
Mac Priting : programatically can not set printQuality, mediaType, paperSource, outputBin
Merge sort from "Programming Scala" causes stack overflow
Implementing yield (yield return) using Scala continuations
Are these two combinators already available in Haskell?
reversing rows in excel formulas
Sliding window algorithm for activiting recognition MATLAB
Spring hibernate query help
For Qt 4.6.x, how to auto-size text to fit in a specified width?
Wordpress init remove_action with conditional tags
Excel VBA Macro: create a chart from CSV?
retrive the text in a specific cell in a QTableWidget?
Remove all spacing in QGridLayout
Reflection API for Scala
Eclipse IDE speed sluggish on Snow Leopard Macbook
getting variable values into a text string | MATLAB
New to QT help needed.
Scala Catalog of functional Design Pattern
Only show a view on a certain content type in Drupal
Haskell speculative parallel execution
Wordpress URL routing problem
Excel process not ending in Cluster environment
What do I need to do to make Excel access a Web Query via HTTPS?
Fast third party library to merge excel files (.Net)?
Spring+JPA+Hibernate: persist is updating the entity surprisingly.  Please go through the details.
Changing a label in Qt
QtWebkit synchronous loading
Optimizing an ORM-based model post-launch
Scala programmer - "should there be one obvious way to do it" or "more than one way to do it"?
Hibernate Criteria: Left Outer Join with restrictions on both tables
How to speedup xcode builds without any project modifications?
matlab : comparing all elements of two arrays
How to keep testing and production e-commerce db in sync when you have "sales" updates in production?
Fewer connections in a Qt calculator
How can I configure Apache and LDAP to allow a second authentication attempt?
Some help with hibernate Criteria query
How to change the text color of QListWidget
how do I paste text to a line by line text filter like awk, without having stdin echo to the screen?
How do you set up drupal menues?
Invoking Concrete Methods From an Abstract Class Using Spring
How to dump out an array of of pixels as a png?
How can I use map and receive an index as well in Scala?
Mac OS X/Bluetooth: Programmatically disable simple pairing?
Drupal Batch operation page fails with my theme.
Magento : Getting Attribute Code
Good way to start developing for iPhone, given some experience in Cocoa on Mac
How to text proximity to QGraphicsPathItem?
Add registration dialog to PackageMaker
Execute SQL SP in Excel VBA
How do I remove CSS from WordPress admin sections
Haskell's liftIO's litter functions of type ErrorT String IO ()
PyQt, Qt, one event handler working with many items
Hibernate convert proxy to real object
Qt, non-modal dialog doesn't close itself
PHP function not working as expected
os.path.join() in QT?
how to do background computing in Spring 3.0?
Magento - Adding to the Layout
Simple symlink in web root returns access denied
Magento - Add CMS Block to One Page
matlab: manipulating two linked matrices
How can I make the -f flag apply to directories with a trailing slash?
Cleaning up nested mod_rewrite statements
Hibernate + Postgresql with case insensitive searching
Looking for discussion or literature on WordPress as a software engineering project.
Simple Question: How to make a bash script that creates 40 simultaneous instances of a program?
image upload problem
Loading images from various sources in QTWebKit
Getting last insert id in Excel ADODB connection to MySQL database
The Genuine Sieve of Eratosthenes -- algorithm used to generate primay numbers.
Add link to calendar page in Drupal
Non deprecated way of appending an element to a List in Scala 2.7.5?
Excel Macros...
Inserting a value into an ordered tree in Haskell
Apache Tiles 2.1.4 with CSS
Custom logic for exposed filters in a Drupal view
Stack Overflow whilst cascade saving nhibernate entity with custom generator
How does Spring resolve views?
how to read immutable data structures from file in scala
Serializing a JSon object using lift-json [scala]
Crazy haskell indentation
Wordpress based website blocked by commercial proxy policies
Facebook Connect and Wordpress
Reflection on a Scala case class
basics of using cut awk grep and sed...
Difference between trait inheritance and self type annotation
Scala script to copy files
Future posting with dateCreated in Wordpress via XMLRPC in Ruby
Haskell pattern matching - what is it?
Ignore a path entry with bash tab-completion
Do I need to send a 404?
Can I limit the size of the array in scala?
How to re-show main window after closed in Cocoa ?
Confusion with ContT, callCC, when ...
How can Drupal users receive emails from outside Drupal?
How can I find out a files "mime-type(Content-Type?)"?
spring xml config
Does Qt support OpenMP?
im confused with apache vhost
Wordpress - need different number of posts on page 1 versus page 2 of category
Nhibernate multiple component properties of the same type in a class
Find and Store (Regex, PHP)
How to upload the default checkout procedure in magento
wordpress external javascript file for inline editor plugin?
Accessing named fields in a Haskell function
Insert Images to list
Customize the way CCK Node Reference fields are displayed in Drupal
Hibernate hbm2ddl and Ms SQL Server: Long as column of numeric data type
Is it possible to create indices on join table using Hibernate annotations and hbm2ddl?
how to create & call slot in other class than MainWindow?
How do I prevent Spring/Hibernate from automatically committing my modifications to the database?
drupal  how to refresh the page when the content is created in the popups
Binding Qt to LLVM
How to catch exceptions and redirect to error page in Lift?
what advantages MATLAB has over SCILAB and vice versa ?
Need to add selector to child UL in WordPress menu
Setting the variables of Solve in MATLAB
When does retrieving a Hibernate proxy's id initialize the proxy?
How can I use parMap with a monadic function?
Is there a way to make git remember the password for WebDAV remotes?
Vectorizing for loops in Matlab
How to Customize ListView in QT
scala way to define functions accepting a List of different numeric types
Spring  HibernateDaoSupport : lazy-loading problem ?
What is a common idiom for converting between Integral types?
Apache mod_perl handler/dispatcher returning control to apache.
Auto close QMessageBox
how can i compare strings in bash script?
Hibernate one-to-one mapping problem.
Drupal retrieve the 'Minimum order amount' for free shipping value
Wordpress blog setup script to create about, contact, privacy pages
Wordpress custom post_type templates
Spring 3.0 EL How to get property from a properties file?
Issues with setting URL mappings in Spring MVC 2.5
Why this simple hibernate sample doesn't work?
Magento; private/public filesystem layer
modem.oqpsk with half sine wave
Apache Tomcat and Ruby
How do I use Data.Concurrent.mergeio?
NSImage color shift on Snow Leopard
Does Qt provide a class that represents an IP address?
Redirect .aspx to WordPress
Undeletable file due to backup script
Embedded JPG resources not loading in Qt application
Problems trying out happstack-tutorial
Technique to compute next day's date from a date supplied via an arg?
Checking if a folder exists (and creating folders) in Qt, C++
Detecting center point of cross using Matlab
Drupal API: how to load a module dependency from another module
OutOfMemory when reading big amounts of data using hibernate.
Hibernate sequence weirdness with DB2
Drupal: How do I modify my menu items' classnames?
Excel Vs C# Number Differences
In Spring Web Flow, how do I add # to the end of the flowExecutionKey to redirect to an anchor in a page?
Multiple servers checking and writing flag in database
Hibernate  Reference column in table to indicate how to unmarshall an attribute in a different column in the same table
How would be a functional approach to shifting certain array elements?
Integrate vBulletin into a wordpress page (only frontend)
How to implement pagination is spring mvc 3
Wordpress: using a test theme only for a specific user
Setting up Ruby CGI in Apache
sorting colors in matlab
Theming language translation links in Drupal
Why does Scala's semicolon inference fail here ?
Fetch posts starting with alphabet [x]
embedding an excel document in an intranet browser, and navigate to a worksheet
Get sheet names in Excel95 workbook using OleDB
Spring Design By Contract: where to start?
Set REMOTE_ADDR to X-Forwarded-For in apache
Qt: Defining a custom event type
Add another node display (like teaser, full node) to Drupal
how to configure hibernate 3.3 in eclipse galileo?
Drupal: Duplicate search block?
Magento guest checkout won't make it to shipping info
Spring MVC vs JSF
Converting vector image to Quartz 2D code
How to handle back browser button problem using spring?
Database connection management in Spring
How do you append to an already existing string?
RewriteEngine off; does ErrorDocument still work?
How exactly JdbcTemplate with TransactionManager works together?
How to run a code when network connection changes on Mac OS X?
sed replace ' with \'
Hibernate Criteria and multiple join
Wordpress page grouping
Magento; dispatch multi store
Is there a way to implement constraints in Haskell's type classes?
function working on functions of Array[T] or List[T] or Iterable[T]
What PHP framework to choose for a Senior Project
How can I solve a system of linear equations in Excel?
IKImageView and scroll bars
Why were the case classes without a parameter list deprecated?
Old Mac extended attributes in Snow Leopard
Qt Visual Studio 2008 Add-in problem
Spring Unit/Intergration Testing setup
MATLAB: Question about minimizing a function containing an integral
How do I interact with MATLAB from Python?
Excel 2003 data input and transfer it to another field which scrolls upwards to keep the last input and previous inputs
MATLAB: How do I pass a parameter to a function?
wordpress date formatting
how to send mail Spring implemention using gmail smtp?
Testing 'pluggable' function calls clashes for WordPress and unit testing
Porting OpenGL Application to Mac OS: X11, Cocoa, or Another Alternative?
Get all custom fields that belong to a certain box in Wordpress
Java/Scala (deep) collections interoperability
MS Access & Excel: Turning a query with dynamic parameters into something useful
Conditional php_flag statements in .htaccess
Implementing unsafe Java interfaces
running two bash commands simultaneously on two different computers from one script
Extending a scala collection
Spring 3.0 making JSON response using jackson message converter
Bash threading: wait for all job threads to finish doesn't work?
NSMutableDictionary removeObjectForKey throwing EXC_BAD_ACCESS for a var that isn't released...
Where is the template file for the password protected page in wordpress?
Erlang's term_to_binary in Haskell?
Get Hibernate transaction status
Pattern Matching with Conjunctions (PatternA AND PatternB)
How to prevent automatic truncation of leading zeros in Excel cell
QSize ( int width, int height )
Wordpress get_post_meta
Best way to override Hibernate's lazy loading in this instance.
How to insert an excel chart into Word using AddOLEObject
How scalable is the Lift framework's comet/reverse ajax?
exception while deploying spring app on tomcat 6
Hibernate: More than one relationship using the same join column
pipe bash output to two different streams
Drupal Token Examples of Usage
Using Email Template in Spring
Wordpress the_author_posts_link
"SELECT ... FOR UPDATE" not working for Hibernate and MySQL
How to force QDateTime::fromString to read UTC time.
Haskell: Parsing escape characters in single quotes
Convert database from Antislaed to Drupal
Does Scala has Gaurds?
Category as a Horizontal menu in wordpress
read more link in post is not working wordpress
How to serve PHP dynamic images efficiently on a LAMP server?
Scala's Implementation of haskell last method
Need help configuring 301 permanent redirect in Apache for non www
Question about QThread implementation
Scala: String Chomp
Web scraping in VBA and Excel
Fixing the size of a GTK Widget.
What is [] (list constructor) *really* in Haskell?
How to make Haskell's TChan defer messages like Erlang's message queues can?
Can a custom guard mechanism be defined in Haskell?
What does apply_filters(...) actually do in WordPress?
Searching for memory leaks in Apache httpd and modules
Modify Drupal Views pagination to restrict shown page numbers
Add header in apache
What is the correct mod rewrite rule to use?
Scala: Constraint on generic class type
Magento: Multiple calls to same block template with cache on
Hyperlink to an Excel Cell
How to pull data and export to excel within an ajax framework.
Draw a textured triangle (patch) in Matlab
How can I rename (or even remove?) buddypress' wire-section?
Override of an hibernate validator annotation ?
email from bash script
How to understand which modules must be configured in httpd.conf (Apache)
Magento CMS page (or block) mass import
Excel AutoFill problem
Qt single EXE with lgpl?
Qt create game host
What's the Matlab equivalent of NULL, when it's calling COM/ActiveX methods?
Reading directories in matlab
Nhibernate fires SQL commands
word press plugin
Prevent the same object from being associated to two different sessions in hibernate
How to fire user-like event in QWebElement
Multiple environment (Development, Staging, Live) in Drupal
Unix commandline history substitution ^foo^bar (for multiple replacements)
Drupal: Node related Block content while in a view
[Excel] How can you retrieve a signature of function usable in Excel in VBA or a DLL  ?
wordpress: add the categories to a post rss title
WordPress Loop Destroys Post Reference
How do I suppress the 'Returning cached instance of singleton bean' logging message in Spring/Java?
How to call sheet-specific macro from one Excel workbook in another
Accessing user profile variables
Java Spring-Hibernate mapping question?
Suggested content for a lunch-time "Introduction to Scala" talk
My Drupal secondary menu is not showing up anywhere
what would be the best solution to arrange items on Magento?
Capturing a Map to embed in a Wordpress Blog post
Worpress sidebar shows up below content.
Using Restrictions.disjunction over @JoinTable association
advanced search with configurable product in Magento
Scala: Given a scala.xml.Node, what's the most efficient way of getting the second (or n-th) child element?
set intervals for plotting in matlab
Access bean name in custom method interceptor
Runtime value injection using Spring?
Using Apache Rewrite to go from HTTP to HTTPS and vice-versa, but I get a 302 response and my app errors out.
Customize Magento without affect the upgrade
Constraint error in hibernate
How to use second level cache for lazy loaded collections in Hibernate?
Drupal - saving created pages and page edits leads to an incorrect, blank page.
Qmake project dependencies (linked libraries)
persistence.xml ignores Hibernate and chooses DataNucleus
use of insert and update attributes
BASH: How do you "split" the date command?
Cell Array appending in Matlab.
WordPress: Is it possible to have "rss content" AS the "post" itself on blog.wordpress.com?
What class should I inherit to create a database integration test in case of Spring?
Is there a convention for naming 'private functions' in bash?
WordPress: Is it possible to make one particular post always on TOP on blog.wordpress.com?
multiple wordpress installs, getting data from wp-2 while inside wp-1
Drupal search module has suddenly stopped working, how do I fix this problem?
"Lazy IO" in Haskell?
Hibernate for ontologies?
Jersey, Spring, Tomcat and Security Annotations
Is SecurityContextHolder thread safe?
Penalty of using QGraphicsObject vs QGraphicsItem?
Excel: auto-format time (without date)
How to write a bash script to get the time on another linux server?
With Haskell, how do I process large volumes of XML?
How to ensure that Apache always serves a single page via HTTPS?
How to install wordpress on MS SQL
hibernate and ehcache replication
Error in hibernate constraint
QWebView not loading external resources
How to get an java.lang.Class of a scala object for an annotation argument
Excel as database frontend for several concurrent users - doable?
drupal form override theme function
Proper way of "shutdown" a spring context in J2SE
I've a function updating database table using Spring's JdbcTemplate and for some reason there was exception that connection is read only u can not update any database related changes. How to resolve these problem?
How does Drupal compare to SharePoint
SimpleJdbcTestUtils.executeScript and multilines script
Is it possible to share users between a Drupal 6.x and Open Atrium database, based on organic groups or CiviCRM smart groups?
What is the drupal way for wysiwyg reply edit box?
Render google map in wordpress, based on address custom field
wordpress permalink post_type
Spring servlet mapping - no css or jsp!
loaded image Qsize
How to make this code more functional ?
Bzip2 Tomcat Output
How to unpack a haskell existential type?
Hibernate HQL with interfaces
Haskell Error: Couldn't match expected type `Integer' against inferred type `Int'
not able to delete
Prevent "MATLAB" folder in My Documents
How to store child objects on GAE using JDO from Scala
Stack overflow in OCaml and F# but not in Haskell
object references an unsaved transient instance - save the transient instance before flushing
hibernate and netbeans application
How to Retrive cell addresses which call specific function
best way to manage team membership in drupal-based site
How can I iterate a list of lists in scala?
Apache not loading CSS files on remote browsers but works on localhost
how to sort a QTableWidget with my own code?
MATLAB - printing graph with different output names
good code dojo question for introductory scala?
Problem installing haskel-platform
Overwrite data and setData in Qt's QFileSystemModel
Bash and Mac OS X, open application in Space N
Drupal: cck taxonomy field with depth filtering
Wordpress [caption] processing
how best to loop through an array taking into account of the index in matlab?
Qt widget disobeys drop in Windows
Storing files inside BASH scripts
Composite id in hibernate+postgres breaks due to returned column order
drupal menu and jquery menu
Error in creating alias in formula tag
PHP print() Arabic string.
Simple Drupal sub-themeing...what am I doing wrong...?
drupal: add search field to an article
were is the mistake in my code
Problem installing QT on Vista
QListWidget on freemantle
Drupal Custom Menu Positioning
Apache <Files> with Require to exempt certain Files
Modificate content profile form to show checkboxes in the matrix
Compare/Difference of  two arrays in bash
How dangerous is this sql query?
Problem in using indexes with SQL Server 2005 and Hibernate
Recommendations, thoughts, tips and tricks, or peanuts on moving from wordpress to django
Haskell equivalent of C's __LINE__
Qt 4.6.x under MacOS/X:  widget update performance mystery
Testing Spring @MVC annotations
Why QtCreator doesn't use QtPlugin?
Single DispatcherServlet with Multiple Controllers
QImage from datastream
Get Spring Security intercept urls from database or properties
Looking for examples of how to use "@_*" when doing pattern matching in Scala
System.Net.WebClient request gets 403 Forbidden but browsers do not with Apache servers
qtreewidgetitem addchild to already present item yields nothing
Problem in inserting element to listview in QT
SO how to make MAC recognize linux BASH?
how to add image to each category in wordpress?
Hibernate  -gett the size of a list in a property
How to convert Matlab output into an array?
Cannot see anything from #prefix and #suffix fields
Qt image format plugins
How can I get back a previously created Excel ListObject?
Projections.count() and Projections.countDistinct() both result in the same query
How do i synchronize (lock/unlock) access to a file in bash from multiple scripts?
Using SQLite with QT
Wierd date and time formating in Wordpress %Y/%m/%d
Is there a work around when hitting the maximum summands in =sum in an excel formula?
Bash script directory detection and creation
Wordpress: how to make a post template with a fix image placement??
Scala 2.8 Actor
ZendFrameworks not working nice with RewriteRule
In Excel's VB, how do i create a routine that would constantly run in the background?
Excel problem with deleting CustomProperty in Korean
How to run parallel codes using QT ?
What's XLSHTML?
wordpress: how to get x youtube thumbnails of my youtube account ?
MATLAB: compute mean of each 1-minute interval of a time-series
Cannot enable Clean URLs on Drupal after upgrading from 6.12 to 6.15
How do I use Spring's IdToEntityConverter to do my Entity Type Conversion during form binding?
During Spring unit test, data written to db but test not seeing the data
DRUPAL: combine CCK image and videos in a common ordered list. Possible ?
How to get the hour and minutes difference between 2 datetimestamp in Excel?
How do I embed a String Array into an Entity (JPA)
Wordpress Control Panel
Haskell: syntax error when adding new line in pattern matching
Translate a Field's Label in a Drupal Content Type
Operator precedence and associativity in a parser (Haskell)
How to set up multi-threading in Spring Batch?
No mapping for LONGVARCHAR in Hibernate 3.2
bash command to repeatidly emulate keypress on a proceess
How to validate database schema programmatically in hibernate with annotations?
How do I retrieve external data from MS SQL from a Wordpress Blog?
How to bind IP address to a Spring 3 @ModelAttribute?
Views doesn't show checkbox fields where answer > 1
How do I send automated e-mails from Drupal using Messaging and Notifications?
Scala 2.8 - Potential problem with named arguments
Image gallery in wordpress
Where to store database passwords in a spring application or use JNDI?
Packaging of MATLAB code
How to force Hibernate 3.3 or 3.5 to use CGLib instead of Javassist?
Spring - Rewrite one URL to another
Has anyone else seen bugs in Excel's activex combo boxes, (especially when contained in a sheet and when using the listfillrange or linkedcell properties)?
Google Adsense doesn't work with Drupal
Bash Scripting and bc
MATLAB: maximum pre-allocated size?
DRUPAL: use tags as filter in Views
How to get Tomcat Working on WIndows 7?
Hibernate, instrumentation and delete cascade order
Wordpress dashboard
Wordpress make own queries
Drupal: module to implement credit system
Transforming Scala varargs into Java Object... varargs
Using Magento 1.4's WYSIWYG editor on custom admin pages
Hibernate: Many-to-one using Formula
What are the relationships between Any, AnyVal, AnyRef, Object and how do they map when used in Java code?
How can I turn off the majority of hbm2ddl's output in the console in Ant?
How to make an instance of a generic type in haskell?
drupal_render: how to make well-formed div structure of the form?
Using Drupal Views VS templating
What is the most compact or efficient way of doing several subsitutions in a file in bash
Can I read line from a heredoc in bash?
What is your favourite WordPress theme framework?
Elegant way to reverse a map in Scala
Traversing and filtering a tree in haskell
Haskell as a highly concurrent server
Add spaces to the end of some Bash autocomplete options, but not to others?
Magento 1.4 productIdentifierType
With Hibernate, an Interceptor receives the same collection object as current and previous, how do I get real current and previous values?
how to get such results using excel formula
What does the amphersand indicate in this bash command 1>&2
Magento dispatching outside application
Excel VBA Application.OnTime.  I think its a bad idea to use this... thoughts either way?
[Drupal] Similar By Terms module
Problems with Scala Swing library
drupal profile date format
Using find function on columns and rows in matlab
Wordpress loop: Grouping by category?
Haskell linear algebra?
Hibernate - StaleObjectStateException in query possible?
Hibernate parent-child modeling
Is it possible to get the SQL alias of a join table for a Hibernate sqlRestriction?
Why the comment's id are continues?
how to use tree javascript  menu in taxonomy menu ?
picking a random line from stdout
What does the >> symbol mean in Haskell.
DRUPAL: my back-end edit node page jumps up when I click "save"
spring batch insert using hibernateTemplate, JdbcTemplate
How was my WordPress site hacked?
Converting rgb images to grayscale and renaming them using matlab
haskell libmagic  how to use it???
Howto use mongoDB bindings for haskell.
Dynamically build list comprehension in Haskell
include link list depending on category
How to write custom reports in Drupal
Using mod_rewrite with mod_vhost_alias
remove everything in  sidebar but one menu
In Haskell, how can I use the built in sortBy function to sort a list of pairs(tuple)?
Why does GHC infer type of `IO b` for an application of `hSetBuffering`?
Wordpress "Read more" is not working
Drupal: View with exposed Taxonomy filter.. 3 questions
Matlab Error: ??? Cell contents reference from a non-cell array object.
Questions about Scala from a Rubyist
Streaming Dynamic Files from Spring MVC
sample_en.jsp and sample_fr.jsp in Spring MVC
What happened to the Spring Modules project?
Wordpress root directory
@Transactional not working with spring and hibernate
What is the conceptual difference between a Product and a Quote Item
Migrating Wordpress Site from subdirectory to root. Problems!
Problem attaching Ubercart view to relevant content
Drupal flushing "Page requisites" cache also deletes javascript files
Better control of views output markup?
Why does Haskell give me a type error if I hardcode a return value?
MAtlab combining edge region back into image
Running PHP without extension without using mod_rewrite?
Wordpress on Localhost. Reset site to beginning?
Scala @ operator
Hibernate running random queries.
WordPress url error on IIS 7
hibernate, mysql, glassfish v3, and JTA datasource
Bash while loop calling a Python script
Scala Enumeration values not ordered?
How to always remove WWW from a url with mod_rewrite?
How to allow only certain files in Apache
Wordpress SEO Features
Haskell function composition question
DRUPAL: order exposed filter items, be carefully it is not that simple (I cannot user "Sort")
DRUPAL: Views, exposed filter: how to unselect all items as default
How to rewrite and set headers at the same time in Apache
Bash: Subprocess access variables
Loading users from an SQL query - the correct way
Drupal Exclude taxonomy listing pages from search.
How can I create a cell of strings out of a meshgrid in Matlab?
Wordpress Blog RSS Feed Problems
How to make blog network like SmashingMagazine
shell script to add list of domains to apache vhosts
A way to add Oscommerce cart items to a Wordpress Widget
URL rewriting in Wordpress
How much overhead do frameworks like Hibernate bring?
Ordering results by computed value in Hibernate
how to implement lazy loading in hibernate
Issue with echo and tab in Bash
wordpress not including javascript on generated page.
Passing parameter to hbm2ddl
drupal : how to restrict users to only be able to see one contentType
drupal : Content Access how to only show one content type
Is there any advantage to use spring DataAccessExceptions instead of JPA PersistenceExceptions ?
Can you display data from a database in a WordPress blog post?
Custom script in .screenrc
301 Redirect with query string and domain name in Apache
Insert doubles in cell array into vector in Matlab
$op variable for form_alter
Drupal theming stop using panels for mobile site
Wordpress custom theme's 404.php > Does Google see it as a true 404 redirect?
matlab script editing
How to Create a Downloadable Product through Magento API?
Do I understand Spring @Transactional behaviour correctly?
In Spring can you alter property placeholder values using a BeanDefinitionDecorator?
AbstractTransactionalJUnit4SpringContextTests: can't get the dao to find inserted data
Wordpress : display all articles of a month on one page
Wordpress Seo features
Hibernate Session is closed
Functions in bash with special parameters
How to construct unequal width histograms with Matlab??
Concatenate strings in bash
A web application that let's users choose a domain name for the website they are about to create?
Shared httpd.conf
Assume that WordPress is an almost-there CMS. What Plugins would you add to the 'core' to make it equal to "Real" CMSes?
Most stable Linux Distribution for Drupal?
Handling file uploads in Drupal
hibernate.properties classpath conflict
How well does java and scala Work together?
Multiple assignment of non-tuples in scala
Which one to use for payments on Drupal website, LM_Paypal or Ubercart ?
MATLAB: element-wise array replication according to a count
How can I create a parser combinator in which line endings are significant?
Initialize Spring beans packaged inside a jar file
Chop out parts of a square matrix in Matlab
Intercept WordPress Admin Dashboard for Alerts
Post pages in Wordpress 2.9
Hibernate tool to create basic mappings based on a mysql db
when spring bean is loaded and if i have a constructor and setters which one will be called first?
Finding 99% coverage in Matlab
how do i hide /magento/ in my site's url?
Wordpress - Harvard Gazette - How did they do X ?
How to surround a Drupal view with some tags?
What should be done to have 'Value' in the enumeration ?
What is the best view layer for Spring 3 ?
Spring Autowiring class vs. interface?
Parser combinator not terminating - how to log what is going on?
How can I tell how much memory a handle object uses in matlab
Magento module - overridden a controller, adding templates
Haskell - Redefining (hiding) arithmetic operators
Haskell: parsing PDF
Apache: multiple ../ in query string = internal server error (error 500)
Bash, argument list segment
CSS Layout not working in IE7 (all other browsers are fine)
How to do transform a tree using Scrap Your Boilerplate?
How does Scala XML support work?
Matlab: identifying uniques in a cell array
How to set up Drupal default front page (view) to open in other language than default
Matlab - having trouble with subarray
wordpress, category redirect using cookies.
Haskell newbie question: What is "lifting"?
Drupal, Views, Exposed filter, make tags unselectable
Structure/class in matlab?
Apache Mod_Rewrite query string to standard url
Matlab matrix replacement assignment gives error
Negate Unsigned Number in Bash
Is it possible for bash commands to continue before the result of the previous command?
Having an issue with org.hibernate.SessionException: Session is closed! in Hibernate
Effective Entity Update In Hibernate ?
client side spring
Drupal: how to upgrade a running production website to a dev version?
Problem in migrating to LAMP from XAMPP.. Memory limit error
drupal function theming for custom menu
Hibernate/Spring: Persisting collections
Execute method on startup in spring
Calculate difference of numbers in two files
What does <tx:annotation-driven/> in Spring really do in the code level ?
Hibernate - how to map an EnumSet
Spring WS & Validator interceptor
Drupal: last core version update. Risky, if I don't update it ?
Understanding Haskell's fibonacci
Add custom message in Drupal
Haskell simple compilation bug
How to use a pipe in a foreach statement
Wordpress auto excerpts from post content?
Publishing a node to a specific page ?
validating .htaccess before deployment
Getting my webapp to be database agnostic with Hibernate...
cd option in bash script
Embedding search results (or tagged products) in a Magento CMS page
page redirection in wordpress
Help Wordpress contact form 7 issue with input widths on radio buttons?
Wordpress Multiple Developer Setup
Wordpress : always display comments with articles
Using Hibernate Validator with JPA and Spring
Drupal: Sharing content across Multisite
Bash PS1 settings - how to get the current folder back as the terminal title
How to create a compiler Action for SBT
Can extractors be customized with parameters in the body of a case statement (or anywhere else that an extractor would be used)?
Wordpress permalinks problem
A Maven2 mojo that uses Hibernate: how to control logging?
Haskell ByteString / Data.Binary.Get question
Thumbnail wordpress plugin
Can I ignore invalid XML character using Scala's builtin xml handlers?
how do I preserve newlines in a quoted string in bash ?
Why do my Wordpress comments have the wrong date?
Wordpress: How do I get the current name of my page
magento getCollection() can we put where condition?
bash: $[<arithmetic-expression>] vs. $((<arithmetic-expression>))
Apply Transaction Management Spring
How can implicits with multiple inputs be used in Scala?
Passing variable through ssh doesnt work
Exemplary open-source Spring projects
How to generate a unit vector pointing in a random direction with isotropic distribution of direction?
Representing multiple ordering through Spring @RequestParam
Using a Hibernate MapKey that's not unique within a table
Spring web application: executing common code before entering RequestMapping in controller
Drupal permissions not showing for custom content type
Can you turn a Haskell list into a series of do instructions?
Using WebServiceTemplate with a keystore
Apache log analyzer which outputs user flows
How is Magento when it comes to adding custom functionality?
Who are using all the memory on my production server(apache + mysql + rails) ?
How to interpret scaladoc?
EntityManager injection with JPA
Hibernate database connection configuration
Using a dictionary file with sed
Best practice to return a result Flag after saveOrUpdate in hibernate ?
MATLAB for kids?
Range checking in Haskell's case?
In Scala, can I override a concrete field containing a list and append something to it in the subclass?
Does anyone have experience with clusters running on ClusterVisionOS?
Using Haskell's Parsec to parse binary files?
Creating Drupal taxonomy terms from code?
Magento: Fixed shipping cost BELOW certain basket price.
Floating Point Comparison in Shell Script
matlab:comparing all elements in three arrays
spring binding formmultiselect
Spring 3 simple extentionless url mappings with annotation-based mapping - impossible?
Why use Hibernate/nHibernate?
Project Euler 7 Scala Problem
Wordpress excerpt - image and text
Customizing Drupal user account form
Turn off error messages in a bash script
Is there a way to combine streaming data retrieval with hibernate?
delete empty cell matlab
drupal - add select/option list to a form
How to convert a scala.List to a java.util.List?
Using a custom URL parameter in Wordpress (with permalinks)?
Drupal incorrectly espaces tags in javascript
Import files directly to SVN repo without checking out first
null pointer exception at org.hibernate.tuple.AbstractEntityTuplizer.createProxy
Need help understanding a bash command
How to inject dependencies into HttpSessionListener, using Spring?
Generic object load function for scala
Wordpress as Remote Posting Mechanism
How can you remove a Criterion from a criteria?
Customize link for add content
setting variable in header.php but not seen in footer.php
How do I alias the scala setter method 'myvar_$eq(myval)' to something more pleasing when in java?
two arrays defining 2d coordinates, as array indices, in matlab/octave
Longer Form Fields in Drupal
How to point to other table's ID with hibernate?
Filter collection by attribute Set
Deriving arbitrary functions in Haskell
Examples of attoparsec in parsing binary file formats?
Hibernate - Problem in parsing mapping file (.hbm.xml)
Hibernate: hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update show generated sql
scala 2.8 implict java collections conversions
spring security : Failed to load ApplicationContext with pre-post-annotations="enabled"
Scala: Why are Actors lightweight?
How to search an expression in a file from a bash script?
How to get the first line of a file in a bash script?
Drupal CC/Views - new fields not showing up in CCK
wordpress widget prob
wordpress permalinks
How to retrieve the first word of the output of a command in bash?
ploting 3d graph in matlab?
How to replace a line in bash
How to get physical memory in bash
Why is IE7 rendering these differently?
Hibernate - EhCache - Which region to Cache associations/sets/collections ??
Scala println in a for loop
Adding custom tags in Wordpress
How would I express this in Scala?
pointers in haskell???
Code won't work under mono, any ideas whats wrong?
MATLAB arbitrary code execution
Define DataSource bean on code
Simple wordpress Registration
mod_rewrite to find missing /img/foo.jpg in /img/f/
apache mod_proxy_html on Ubuntu ProxyHTMLEnable not working
Video player plugin in wordpress
Why is Apache seg faulting?
How to split and dispatch an async control-flow using Continuations?
Redirect to Apache default 404 page with mod_rewrite?
Scala: can't write setter without getter?
Obfuscating a Magento module
How can this be done with (N)Hibernate?
In Drupal, can you control block display according to e.g. number of URL parts?
Crop & Resize Images in  Wordpress
Redirect after plugin activation
What is the correct procedure to install a Drupal security patch?
Howto Pass A String as Parameter in AWK within Bash Script
CSS not rendering on MAMP
Cost of using repeated parameters
Use a cat + grep as an included source in bash
Hibernate - why use many-to-one to represent a one-to-one?
HQL multiple updates. Is there a better way?
How do I show the 'blog last updated' time in Wordpress?
How to make query on a property from a joined table in Hibernate using Criteria
What is optimal hardware configuration for heavy load LAMP application
Drupal Adding Span inside A tags in Nice Menus
When is @uncheckedVariance needed in Scala, and why is it used in GenericTraversableTemplate?
How do I get product category information using collections in Magento
Variable assignment in bash
Find float in a text file
Magento adding new options to a drop down attribute.
Substitution till the end of the line in bash
Nhibernate HQL SQL Server 2005 / 2008 CONTAINSTABLE
Unit Testing Hibernate's Optimistic Locking (within Spring)
UberCart statistics on products added.
In hibernate how do I always use db server's timestamp?
How to parse the file name and rename in Matlab
Scala version of Rubys' each_slice?
Month navigation sidebar in blog section?
Launch Scala REPL programatically?
Spring, Hibernate, EntityManager and class inheritance
Bash: for loop, copy, backup
Removing final bash script argument
Sub second request time logging
Autowire Annotation in Spring without using Component Scanning
Cat with new line
How to fix "user warning: ... cache.inc on line 109." from a Drupal site?
how to code a PHP function who will check whether the mode of Apache is on safemode or not ?
is there any way to hook a debug function into a hook such as init and retrieve every php function whose operates there ?
Hibernate orm for a view
Bash: ambiguous redirect
Drupal vs ExpressionEngine for any kind of project from simple commercial site to complex ecommerce portals.
MATLAB image corner coordinates & referncing to cell arrays
Does Spring MVC form submit data bind children objects automagically?
Spring validation errors not displayed
Drupal 5 Search not working on 404 pages.
MATLAB: Drawing a line over a black and white image
modify comfig file using bash scirpt
using BOSH/similar technique for existing application/system
scala Slider throws casting exception
Tips for resolving Hibernate/JPA EntityNotFoundException
Is there a way to get Apache to serve files with the question mark in their name?
Changing the Admin Theme in Drupal 6 Directly in Database
What's mean that Caused by: javax.validation.ValidationException: Unable to find a default provider ?
How to zip multiple lists in Haskell?
Whats the difference between IO String and normal String in Haskell
Turn off Hibernate Logs for certain query
How do i convert String to Integer/Float in Haskell
Spring: Same object, different validation
WordPress - How to know if a sidebar is empty without loading it?
Can this be done by sed?
Equivalent of python eval in Haskell
Is there an easy way to integrate scaladoc into IntelliJ Idea?
How to create an aspect on class, that is not a bean using Spring AOP?
Wordpress Archive by Year "query_posts()" Problem
Problems overriding a property to null in Spring bean declaration
[MAGENTO] Index page is way too slow, what can I do?
Drupal: show sub-menu in a different block as the parent menu
Looking for advice on the best way to show BIRT reports in Drupal
How to parse POST data in a CGI script with BASH scripting?
how to write a foldr HOF in Haskell
Magento order tax information
Is there an easy way to get the Scala REPL to reload a class or package?
Messy bash variable
Access Products/Category/Attribute Info from php with Magento API
Enable --hyperling-source for "cabal install"
Uninterrupted mp3 play on a website?
Is there a way to list all the database queries my wordpress install is making for a given event?
parsec-3.1.0 with custom token datatype
Wordpress is ignoring Unicode Chars in URL
Update Store Logo Programmatically Magento
awk my number, im supid in bash
How to check whether your code environment on Windows or on Linux or other OS
spring roo backup command lost my files
Haskell compile time function calculation
Drupal: Display success/error message
Using Option all over the place feels a bit awkward. Am I doing something wrong?
Unpacking varargin to individual variables
Handling large datasets with PHP/Drupal
How do I react when somebody tries to guess admin directiories on my website?
MySQL and Matlab
Binding type variables that only occur in assertions
matlab write image into eps file
What kind of Plugin is the New Playstation Share Blog using | Wordpress
How do I use a file grep comparison inside a bash if/else statement?
Magento - Sendfriend Error
Why does `Array(0,1,2) == Array(0,1,2)` not return the expected result?
Why is there no string interpolation in Scala?
Convert Option[Object] to Option[Int] Implicitly
Haskell Applicative instance for ErrorT?
Update {node_counter} table programatically in drupal
Haskell optimization of a function looking for a bytestring terminator
Can Haskell's Parsec library be used to implement a recursive descent parser with backup?
Automated Java to Scala source code conversion?
How do I write the function 'twice' in Haskell?
Wordpress: How do I convert a generated URL (permalink) to a pretty URL?
Another Java vs. Scala perspective - is this typical?
Intercept page request behind firewall return altered content with php and apache
Bubble sort algorithm implementations (Haskell vs. C)
What does a fullstop (.) mean in Haskell?
Access and modify attributes/objects which are not part of the form backing bean
Conversion of bytes into a type without changing the application (ie storing the conversion method in DB) with Spring 3.0
save plot into image file in matlab: difference between saveas and print
Manage widgets from page edit screen
Disadvantage of unlifted type products?
Link to first image attachment in a wordpress post
Sales by Category in Magento?
drupal feed aggregator
Scala type inference failure on "? extends" in Java code
using Drupal for 1 page of xhtml-css website.
Using single spring application context for web app
Integrate Magento with CRM
Magento products will not show in category
need to rate with stars different things in one Wordpress post/page
Require anonymous user to register to add content-type
force repaint after button click <- scala
MPM Prefork Apache Uses Absurd Amount of Memory
Checking Drupal authentication from external PHP
memory not freed in matlab?
show share this link in drupal
What about the event before order save in onepage checkout in Magento 1.4?
redirect http to https for some page in site in APACHE
DRUPAL: tags for CCK fields ?
How to create PDF for product description in Magento
Accessing type members outside the class in Scala
Reading annotation property in aspect
Apache BeanUtils.copyProperties is spilling too much log
What is the proper way to remove elements from a scala mutable map using a predicate
Error while validating HTML "document type does not allow element "li" here; missing one of "ul", "ol", "menu", "dir" start-tag"
Haskell quiz: a simple function
Matlab interview questions?
Spring Transaction Manager
Haskell: 'No instance for' arising from a trivial usage of Regex library
WordPress > Calling "Recent Posts" widget via script from custom theme
Rewrite content served by apache
wordpress custom function for tabs creating duplicate tabs - simple php!
scala for yield setting a value
How do I print all the queries in Magento?
Apache rewrite to add a directory to REQUEST_URI not working on localhost running wamp.
How can I redirect all traffic from one domain to another with an .htaccess file?
Does opencv have a function similar to size and bwperim in matlab?
Drupal: installing it in a subfolder...
drupal rpx module openid
Overriding Scala Enumeration Value
Resizing panels in GUIs without changing size of the contents (MATLAB)
can I duplicate my nodes in Drupal ? (to later slightly change them)
The Scala way to use one actor per socket connection
Mixing Static Strings with Views Arguments
Finding out what user Apache is running as?
Drupal Views Multiple values being returned when using a relationship
running pythoon code in matlab?
Apache/PHP - alias outgoing URL
How to preallocate an array of  class in MATLAB?
List categories with checkbox in Wordpress Options?
Magento Developers: Is Magento really -that- good?
Filtering by category in Magento 1.4
"Ambigous type variable" error when defining custom "read" function
trying to find the comment hook I need for wordpress?
Can Apache configuration check cookies?
BASH apache to seek particular file name
[Haskell] Set of an Unordered Data Type with a given ordering
Scala create List[Int]
Apache RewriteRule: it is possible to 'detect' the first and second parameter?
static factory method (Spring)
How can I include Wordpress posts in a custom PHP file?
wordpress conditional statements
SCALA  Generic Function Values ( Anonymous Function ) - Missing Parameter Type ( Error )
verboseCheck in QuickCheck 2?
Saving/Associating slider values with a pop-up menu
wordpress shortcode for wp_list_categories()
With Apache/mod_wsgi how can I redirect to ssl and require Auth?
Wordpress homepage problem
Why does the "choose files" button not work in Wordpress 2.5 when trying to upload photos?
PreMade Webdesign and Drupal
How to remove date header from apache ?
How to pass URL variables into a WordPress page
Is there a way to encode a URL in velocity template
Drupal 6: Group multiple values in tpl.php
Drupal - Selected Node Highlighting in Views
How to override a Magento administration panel?
Trying to setup externalizing properties in spring
recipe for adding Drupal node records.
Instantiate dynamic array Magento
Wordpress Custom Field
extending spring form tag library attributes
Replace an array of strings in content for Wordpress
What's the most minimal way to achieve Dependency Injection?
Wordpress Post # of #
magento serach result not displays
Difference between method and function in Scala
How can I open a Drupal 6 submenu programmatically?
Groovy / Scala / Java under the hood
Linking Simple product to their page listed under Grouped product in Magento
Wordpress plugin help
Wordpress SQL Select Multiple Meta Values / Meta Keys / Custom Fields
How do I create a Magento module or widget that will appear on the shopping cart page?
How do I add items in Primary Links automatically as soon as some user publish new content.
Haskell: convert unicode integer to actual unicode character
Would it make sense to have a separate Scala library in Android market?
How to setup matlab for parallel processing on Amazon EC2?
How do I implement a collection in Scala 2.8?
noClassDefFound error using Scala Plugin for Eclipse
Equivalent of public static final fields in Scala
View of nodes and their translations
Sequincial order of wordpress hook ?
Spring Security 3.0 and Active Directory LDAP: DOMAIN\user login
Scala Actors with Java interop to underlying COM libraries
Ant target for compile-time code instrumentation with Spring aspects
Drupal + Location Module: How to query blog entry locations
drupal taxonomy
Wordpress Not Publishing Posts To Custom Template
uncomplete ezplot drawing
how does a spring framework works?
Wordpress : is it possible to connect $wpdb class into other database ?
Spring - Redirect after POST (even with validation errors)
magento -search not working properly
Why must recursion be in a separate file in hugs?
Remove main editor from wordpress edit page screen
Password Protect for fun
How do you write the function 'pair' in Haskell?
Is there a way to rewrite a url to go to a file stored in the filefield of the node
Spring @notation documentation
Front page Featured Section
Matlab: how do I force ode45 to take steps of exactly 0.01 on the T axis?
Matlab - binary vector with high concentration of 1s (or 0s)
How would the conversion of a custom CMS using a text-file-based database to Drupal be tackled?
How to add ads to the end of RSS on wordpress?
Is there a function for checking whether a matrix is diagonally dominant (row dominance)
'on the web' drupal module showing images on localhost but not remote host
How to override the default text in MATLAB
Scala and Java Real-Time System
Link to external URL in post title of RSS feed in WordPress.
How are Scala traits compiled into Java bytecode?
problem with Double and Rational Number
How to turn off authoring information for a drupal page
How to delete / clear all product reviews in magento?
Spring AOP: how to get the annotations of the adviced method
In Drupal 6, is there a way to take a custom field from the latest post to a taxonomy term, and display it in a view?
Learning Spring MVC For web-projects
Custom bean instantiation logic in Spring MVC
Getting error when trying to save CCK text fields in Drupal.
Internal linking in Wordpress...
How do we plot a red dot (to represent a trade) on a financial candlestick chart in Matlab?
What are the best features of Scala?
Spring to understand properties in YAML
Is SQLlite strong enough to use as wordpress database ?
How can I attach a file using Wordpress custom fields / meta boxes?
How can I delay one feed in wordpress but not the others?
Changing the Access Denied Message in Magento
Simple Scala actor question
Higher-kinded Types with C++
How do you promote blogs to a page other than the home page in drupal?
Scala/Erlang uses the greenThread model or not ?
Whta is the shortest way to write this in matlab ?
Noob Question: Wordpress Looping
Drupal View with Taxonomy Argument Display
Faster projected-norm (quadratic-form, metric-matrix...) style computations
Convert a List of Options to an Option of List using Scalaz
PHP Error handling in WordPress plugin
Remove duplicates in entries, scala way
Using MonadPlus in FRP.Reactive.FieldTrip
wordpress -> showing custom data from child pages + pagination
Magento - Use Short description for Google base description
What type of webapp is the sweet spot for Scala's Lift framework?
What is detached  persistance and transient object in hibernate ?
The reason for MonadState get and put?
Spring Custom Filter Problem?
GHCi error: Not in scope
Haskell: What's the type of this function?
Spring rejecting bean name, no URL paths specified
wordpress categories and their subcategories
How to check whether a particular widget is show or not in the sidebar ?
MATLAB - Delete elements of binary files without loading entire file
IDE support for Spring framework; Are they worth using?
Magento google products site html help
URL regex search and replace on MySQL (in WordPress)
How to posting to WordPress using C# ?
How do you sanitize an input in wordpress
Haskell as REST server
Admin now missing from Authors dropdown
How to load and show an png image in matlab?
How to graythresh a indexed image in matlab?
skip reading headers in matlab
Haskell: Why is it saying my function type is off?
Exception in JEE application Email Notification Pattern
How to implement such an effect using matlab?
[Haskell] Problem when mixing type classes and type families
Matlab: Analysis of signal
short way to breakOut to specific collection type?
Infrared image processing in Matlab
Compare Products Sidebar Item Doesn't Show Products
Variadic templates in Scala
Implementation/Integration of Email Subscription form for a Wordpress theme
Is there a better way to declare an empty, typed matrix in MATLAB?
Wordpress - Get Post Number in a Category
Cannot get new product attribute in grid display
Are there tools that would be suitable for maintaining a changelog for a Cabal Haskell package?
MATLAB : frequency distribution
Showing an array of certain pages with WP_Query in Wordpress
Magento Flash + XML frontend
Spring Security: Redirect to invalid-session-url instead of logout-success-url on successful logout
Wordpress plugin for enhanced WYSIWYG image resizing?
Closures and universal quantification
In Scala 2.8 collections, why was the Traversable type added above Iterable?
What is the best way of retrieving a specific post in Wordpress?
Quotient in Matlab
How to change the wordpress header request
cannot override a concrete member without a third member that's overridden by both
Wordpress Install on OS X Snow-Leopard under Sites/public for use with capistrano
Matlab: Print text in input field
Any open source Spring sample project that's bigger than PetClinic?
spring - @ContextConfiguration fail to load config file in src/test/resources
How to automate the padding for arbitary images using MatLab?
MATLAB : search and count (?)
What does padColor(:,:,1) mean in MatLab?
Start app in a web flow
Finding edge and corner values of an image in matlab
How do I display breadcrumbs on "Products tagged with" pages in Magento?
wordpress functions.php
Need some help understanding cat in high dimensions of matlab
Loops on a Matlab program
Scala XML Pattern matching and Attributes
Facebook updates posted to wordpress blog.
How to use objetcs as modules/functors in Scala?
Intercepting method with Spring AOP using only annotations
Does anyone know if WordPress has builtin PHP validation functions?
How to retrieve the background color of an arbitary image using MATLAB?
GCD function in matlab
Quicksort + Profiling
Create blog post simply and easily
accelerating Wheel - psychtoolbox in matlab
Snippets in matlab editor
Which IDE for Scala 2.8?
What do you do when you feel you need a variatic list comprehension?
How can I work with paragraphs in Wordpress?
Using Kate with Simple Build Tool (SBT)
How do I solve this possibility problem with MATLAB?
Wordpress - Set post_date
Query to show images with recent posts in Wordpress sidebar/widget
Using lazy evaluation functions in varargs
Is Two phase commit possible using RMI and Spring
Need help understanding several MATLAB statement
Matlab multiple graph types inside one graph
Compile classfile issue in Spring 3
Save simple data in Magento's DB w/o Model
Magento SOAP API: fetching most sold products
Replace empty cells with logical 0's before cell2mat in MATLAB
BMP2AVI program in  matlab
WordPress sub domain htacess problem
Running multiprocess applications from MATLAB
How to convert a web page into an image using MATLAB?
Scala: how can I sort an array of tuples by their second element?
How do I set a dependency on Spring Web Services in my POM.xml
Spring redirect: prefix issue
PHP/SQL/Wordpress: Group a user list by alphabet
Cannot see my wordpress website on google search
What files in Magneto have no purpose being in source control?
Wordpress - failed to write to disk MOV file
Scala compiler says unreachable code, why?
Dealing with SQLException with spring,hibernate  & Postgres
Is There an Easy Way to Convert a Boolean to an Integer?
Lexing newlines in scala StdLexical?
How do I list all files in a subdirectory in scala?
How can i add register link in the top links in magento
I'm having an issue with a scala script using 2.7.7 - Main$$anon$1$$anonfun$1$$anonfun$apply$2
can not get scion_server to be created using runghc
Custom whiteSpace using Haskell Parsec
Can you return an assignable lvalue in Scala?
How to do median filter on an indexed image using MATLAB?
Using Data.Heap in Haskell, or reading Haskell docs for a beginner
Setting nested object to null when combobox has empty value
best way to get a vector from sparse matrix
Need help with Continuations-Error "found cps expression in non-cps position"
How to use a Spring config file in a Maven dependency
By-Name-Parameters for Constructors
Getting plain HTML/CSS versions of Wordpress themes, no PHP?
Not able to use spring Beans outside container . Always picking up WebSphere Context
Why is there "data" and "newtype" in Haskell?
ByteStrings in Haskell
Scala: How to combine parser combinators from different objects
Naming convention of im2bw in MATLAB
Why so Long time span in creating Session Factory?
Bad class file error when using Scala 2.8.0-rc1 in Javafx 1.2
Scala wont pattern match with java.lang.String and Case Class
How to convert indexed bitmap images to non-index binary bitmap and replace in place?
How to make disconnected objects connected by adding a shortest path using MATLAB?
Removing the block "Popular Tags" from the index view in Magento
What's the difference between {} and [] in MATLAB?
how to use summation in matlab???
In Scala, how does one write a class with a constructor, not all of whose arguments are class members ?
Location of view.properties in my proyect spring mvc jasperreports
Saving html page from MATLAB web browser
Scala: Can't catch exception thrown inside a closure
How can I take any function as input for my Scala wrapper method?
IS classOf[] in scala 2.8 different from 2.7?
What does  ~= mean in MATLAB?
Can someone explain what the output of fft means in MATLAB?
Very dumb question about IntelliJ IDEA
Magento Problem
Matlab, index from starting location to last index
Can you do Logic Programming in Scala?
You do not have sufficient permissions to access this page.
lift `??` construct and maven example
Is there an easy (idiomatic) way to convert a java.lang.reflect.Method to a Scala Function Value?
Wordpress htaccess in root overriding htaccess in subdomain. Subdomain app not working now.
Type patterns in Haskell
Type error while trying to implement the (>>=) function in order to create a custom monad transformer.
Can I create a collection in Scala that uses different equals/hashCode/compare implementations?
What does this MATLAB function do?
What are all the instances of syntactic sugar in Scala?
Any way to access the type of a Scala Option declaration at runtime using reflection?
Matlab - Propagate unit vectors on to the edge of shape boundaries
custom wordpress page
can anybody help me with using wp_print_scripts, wp_enque_scripts, wp_head, wp_register_script
insert in the head tag after wp_head
Load any file type  into matlab
Parsing of binary data with scala
More issues with IntelliJ 9.0.1 "Hello World" in Scala - Predef version 5.0 vs 4.1
Update Magento cron job setting in config.xml of a given module
How are Scala closures transformed to Java objects?
How Do I Convert Pipe Delimited to Comma Delimited with Escaping
WordPress Write Cache Problem with Multiple Sessions
What transaction manager should I use for JBDC template When using JPA ?
Adding posts with thumbnail programatically in WordPress
Writing Java code in Matlab?
Different right and left axes in a MATLAB plot?
Magento 1.4 Load By Category Not Working
magento https error
General method for making sub arrays around a particular element
Sort a matrix with another matrix
How to configure Spring Security PasswordComparisonAuthenticator
Simple Scala syntax - trying to define "==" operator - what am I missing?
How do I get the scalaz IDEA live templates working for the symbolic methods?
How to make ensime work in windows?
Haskell: Dealing With Types And Exceptions
How do I enable continuations on Scala 2.8?
How to remove JS:Illredir-S [Trj] (virus) from website ?
Scala: "Parameter type in structural refinement may not refer to an abstract type defined outside that refinement"
Creating Haskell instance declarations
how to  find and clean wordpress from script/s that changes your blog posts titles on Google and yahoo with embarrassing "Vigra  text"?
Creating a virtual, data-driven section of a Wordpress-powered site
matlab - int array to binary array
How to write two-dimensional array to xml in Scala 2.8.0
Wordpress add_action of wp_head for javascript / css files in plugin
WordPress theme blog not displaying well in FireFox-how to fix?
Getting MATLAB variable (string) from C
Lazy Quicksort in Scala
Matlab tutorial for programmers
Scala: type variance and pattern matching between two equal types
ZeroC Ice "checked casts" in Scala
Improve a haskell script
Scala and HttpClient: How do I resolve this error?
Using Sub-Types And Return Types in Scala to Process a Generic Object Into a Specific One
CGLIB proxy error after spring bean definition loading into XmlWebApplicationContext at runtime
How do I implement such an invertible mapping for curves using MATLAB?
Change post categories while saving post
How can I reset addAttributeToFilter in Magento searches
[wordpress] Loop through a specific category on single.php
MATLAB feature function
image processing toolbox in matlab
WordPress - Each page of paged posts all show same posts
How to filter Wordpress posts using a hook in a plugin?
apply tax by shipping orgin when store pick up
Matlab: getting "Unexpected error status flag encountered. Resetting to proper state"
Can I transform this asynchronous java network API into a monadic representation (or something else idiomatic)?
Parsec Haskell Lists
How to define a ternary operator in Scala which preserves leading tokens?
Finding many local max in an image (using MatLab)
Why isn't my IO executed in order?
Haskell Parse Paragraph and em element with Parsec
Generics and Constrained Polymorphism versus Subtyping
MATLAB syntax of (:)
Literate Haskell (.lhs) and Haddock
??? Error using ==> dlmread at 55 Filename must be a string.
What's the new way to iterate over a Java Map in Scala 2.8.0?
Wordpress plugin: ajaxStart conflict in Post page (autosave)
How should I create a global options in wordpress?
Image drawing library for Haskell?
Wordpress Widget Redirect Page
How do I count the number of persons in an image using MATLAB?
Difference between Array and List in scala
@Autowire strange problem
Web based Report Designer Spring/Hibernate
Ways to call Blocks within Magento: createBlock vs Layout xml file
Magento - Link to Store With Specified Currency
Why scala not allowing '$' identifier in case statement?
Traits vs template
Find location of current m-file in Matlab
Declaring functions two ways. What is the distinction?
wordpress user uploads, any solution?
How to create a function with vectors and vertical asymptote using MATLAB
Wordpress: Check if there are previous posts before displaying link
Can't change header logo in Magento?
Which Java modules get Spring Security
merging and manupulating files in matlab
Cross product of 2 sets in Scala
WP_Insert_Post and GUID Issue [Wordpress]
Why is SpringSource Tool Suite (STS) so slow? And how can I fix it?
[Wordpress] How do I return values from custom created meta box?
issues with magento
Wordpress upload from localhost to server
Is there an implementation of rapid concurrent syntactical sugar in scala? eg. map-reduce
trait implementation
Implementing custom Matlab functions in Simulink
Passing functions as arguements in Matlab
error wordpress, adjusted sidebar.php to show latest 10 posts
Matlab time stamps reading
Why does this explicit call of a Scala method allow it to be implicitly resolved?
List globals in matlab
No properties file found Error for ReloadableResourceBundleMessageSource
Scala: working around the "illegal cyclic reference"
Haskell - Parsec Parsing <p> element
FILTER BY ATTRIBUTE MAGENTO
Magento - Buy it now buttons and checkout process
Inheritance and type parameters of Traversable
Using MatLab to calculate signal:noise ratio
How to add limit option in Magento API call.
LazyInitializationException in Spring
Magento - Buy 2 items get % discount
magento move navigation block to above the cart/basket
unboxing, (sparse) matrices, and haskell vector library
Magento 1.4.1 issues adding uploaded image to cart in Magento
Magento config XML for adding a controller action to a core admin controller
Magento Replacing super attributes table with dropdown
Niewbie OutOfMemory problem
in wordpress, how do I know what page is current?
How do I break out of a loop in Scala?
Matlab crashes on library initialize when called from Java
Scala : reference is ambiguous (imported twice)
Scala 2.8 return type for tuple-functions
How to perform spring validation  in multiaction controller?
Is there any working implementation of reverse mode automatic differentiation for Haskell?
scala implicit or explicit conversion from iterator to iterable
Color Comparison of two images using matlab
Plotting Bessel functions
using load instead of other I/O command
haskell recursive function
is there any scala network library with actor model
matlab's fortran's format equivalents
How to get error text in controller from BindingResult
How can I make a Maybe-Transformer MaybeT into an instance of MonadWriter?
wordpress not properly functioning anymore after moving it to another domain
Is there a wordpress plugin for creating an API from your site?
Where to start with Google Reader as an API?
Overloading on return type ???
Would it be quicker to make wordpress theme direct on FTP?
Help in optimizing a for loop in matlab
initialise a var in scala
How do I transpose a vector into the third dimension?
php date() function displaying wrong time
MATLAB setting matrix values in an array
Problems in installation of magento on wamp
Spring Framework 3 and session attributes
Magento with Mailchimp -----adding checkboxes programmatically
selectively show wordpress posts based on category
magento installation problems
Spring Security 3.0- Customise basic http Authentication Dialog
Best way to pass objects between controller actions in grails
Spring Security 3.0 - Intercept-URL - All pages require authentication but one
Content Being Echoed Below Footer in Category Post Template
Is it possible to register a user and submit a comment with one form with Wordpress?
Targeting Android with Scala 2.8 Trunk builds
Rotation Matrix calculates by column not by row
WordPress SQL Query on Category/Terms
How would I yield an immutable.Map in Scala?
How can I make properties files mandatory in Spring?
Get dimensions for dataset matlab, Size Function
How can I find the value of a blury image Matlab question
ensime scala errors (class scala.Array not found, object scala not found)
Why the valid looking statement gives error in MATLAB?
MATLAB: different function returns from command line and within function
run wsHaskell on other machine
PHP: Iterate through folders and display HTML contends
Matlab: How to get the current mouse position on a click by using callbacks
Matalb: convert global coordinates to figure coordinates
Matlab matrix translation and rotation multiple times
Plotting Bessel function in MatLab
read angles in radian and convert them in degrees/minutes/seconds
Matlab - applying low-pass filter to a vector?
Gaussian smoothing in MatLab
Upgrading dojo in Spring-js from 1.3 to 1.4
anybody konws gui dsl on scala?
Gaussian filter in Matlab
OSGi Logging with spring-DM extender not logging
Scala match/compare enumerations
Wordpress Event list
Spring deployment-level configuration
Error " Index exceeds Matrix dimensions"
Scala Tuple Deconstruction
How do you solve this Haskell problem?
Scala Eclipse IDE suddenly ignoring breakpoints
How do I write a constant-space length function in Haskell?
How do you solve this Haskell problem using higher order functions?
Plotting in Matlab
Thresholding in Matlab
Analyzing data for noisy arrays
How to remove Custom Field section from Wordpress?
Using Matlab to find maxima for data with a lot of noise
Extended maxima transform in Matlab
Limiting the list of archives in wordpress based on date
Magento: I want to search customer by phone number regardless of spaces
What does "bean X is injected into bean Y" mean in context of Spring framework
Converting from binary to original array values in Matlab
Haskell Target Architecture
@ContextConfiguration in Spring 3.0 give me No default constructor found
Why is Matlab Stateflow 7.7 not throwing errors on undefined variables?
Global image threshold in Matlab
MATLAB: How do I get 3D coordiantes from a user-click?
Control statements in Haskell?
How to make WordPress "Add/Edit Post" form more Tumblr like?
Wordpress 403/404 Errors: You don't have permission to access /wp-admin/themes.php on this server
wordpress static/post pages
Evaluating and graphing functions in Matlab
Monochromatic colors in Matlab
Graphing special functions in Matlab (2D Bessel)
Spring custom error message
Spring servlet-mapping
matlab precision determint problem
inyect a mockups to a bean that has @autowired annotations
Should I upgrade to Intellij Ultimate Edition?
optional arguments in haskell
Why is this class re-initialized every time?
Multiplying numbers on horizontal, vertial, and diagonal lines
SET game odds simulation (MATLAB)
How to write a variable with input ?
Static nested class visibility issue with Scala / Java interop
How to extract terms of specific data constructor from a list in Haskell
installation HDBC-SQlite3 Haskell
Naming case classes in Scala.
When should I use package and when object in Scala?
Extending existing data structure in Scala.
MATLAB: comparing 2 columns content
What is annotations and how do it actually works for frameworks like Spring ?
What is the standard way to optimise mutual recursion in F#/Scala?
Can't compare the norm of a vector to 1 in matlab
simple text menu in Haskell
Applying a function to an arbitrarily long list of arguments
How do you code up a pattern matching block in scala?
Pattern matching for lambda expressions
How can the crosshair of ginput be restricted to one plot?
Scala XML retrieving from optional paths
Matlab GUI: How to Save the Results of Functions (states of application)
Iterating through struct fieldnames in MATLAB.
How do I make matlab legends match the colour of the graphs?
How to efficiently replace a vector of ids by a vector of corresponding numerical values
MATLAB: vectorized array creation from a list of start/end indices
Handling incremental Data Modeling Changes in Functional Programming
matlab's phi symbol
How to add a number to a variable?
Run an external script as a particular Magento user
Magento: What is the best way to extend Magento to add a class that is called on every page load
Types in Haskell
Drawing a polygon around groups of datapoints in MATLAB
Can Haskell's monads be thought of as using and returning a hidden state parameter?
haskell: a data structure for storing ascending integers with a very fast lookup
displaying database content in wxHaskell
how to shear image in matlab without using built in function?
Shading an area boundered by a curve
If a Matlab function returns a variable number of values, how can I get all of them as a cellarray, for instance?
hackage package dependencies and future-proof libraries
Using an element against an entire list in Haskell
What are the possible tags of "global" tag in Magento "config.xml" file?
Spring Batch validation
Magento Installment Payments?
determine whether matlab license is server- or user-based
[ MATLAB ] For loop to extract info from a structure doesnt work ?
Spring FactoryBean and scopes working together
Spring-samples don't understand the templates
can i changed for loop index variable inside the loop in Matlab???
Haskell dot operator
what algorithm good for image matching?
Using polyfit to predict where the object falls ?
How do I get the sums of the digits of a large number in Haskell?
GADTs and Scrap your Boilerplate
How do I create efficient instance variable mutators in Matlab?
Integration of Magento with third party CRM, POS and ERP solutions
making GIF animation from "movie" command
Importing matlab functions in matlab
How to mask part of an image in matlab ?
Show camera inputs at different axes - MATLAB
How to deal with memory problem - MATLAB
Problem with Spring @Configuration class
Multiple actions upon a case statement in Haskell
Collecting IO outputs into list
recursive function's summation in MATLAB
In matlab, how do I apply a function of two arguments to two cellarrays of equal length?
How to find out master product of simple product?
how to plot ellipse in this format?
help understand strange behavior in a lazy code
Spring/Hibernate: InvocationTargetException when deleting entity
What the consensus on Spring p namespace for Beans?
magento limiting number of returned items in product collection call
Problems loading a configurable product in Magento
Reading a text file in MATLAB line by line
Magento - Add bundled products from PHP with Magento API
sitemesh and spring MVC decorator pattern problems
Dependency Injection into your Singleton
Creating multiple forms in one jsp file. ModelAttributes have to always be set?
How to create TestContext for Spring Test?
Where to open sessions in a Spring/Hibernate stack?
Add axes to an image in matlab ?
Haskell: Gluing a char and a list together?
BindingResult.rejectValue does not find value from ValidationMessages.properties
Magento - showing review links & add-to-compare links on custom pages
Better data stream reading in Haskell
Matlab/octave count number of operations
Simulink sim of rician channel ber process
Why does s ++ t not lead to a stack overflow for large s?
Problem understanding treesort in Haskell
difference equations in MATLAB - why the need to switch signs?
I'm using spring, hibernate and mysql. How can I let my app create the table automatically.
How to check in MATLAB if a vector only contains zeros?
adding slider to a movie
Why is simulink data type conversion block altering the data when it should be typecasting?
In need of a good MATLAB class tutorial
How to terminate a running process in matlab ?
how to count number of elements of same value in a matrix?
Magento Installation error..redirects to localhost ?!
(type theoretical) How is ([] ==) []  typed in haskell?
MAGENTO: welcome page and pricing by city
Magento help with creating model in custom class
Magento layout related basic Questions ?
Haskell - how to cast types?
Are there any purely functional Schemes or Lisps?
How can my-program.hs get its version number from my-program.cabal at build time?
haskell network io hgetline
matlab noninteger step indexing
Cabal and zlib on OS X
(newbie) type signature "Maybe a" doesn't like "Just [Event]"
How to read an word document in matlab
What is the best way to store a 16 Ã— (2^20) matrix in matlab?
Magento - Code Question
Confusion regarding laziness
magento integration with erp and crm
Problem with y-axis in Matlab Diagram
how to call functions/methods within CMS block or page?
local vs core contoller
haskell list to tuple
Strange type-related error
haskell check for user input errors
maximize frame on startup  in wxHaskell
Outputing UTF-8 string on Mac OS's Terminal
Haskell - mapping the odd placed values and the even placed values differently
magento 1.4 very slow on localhost
a function isn't loading
Magento seasonal products
Is there a good way to QuickCheck Happstack.State methods?
Haskell: variant of `show` that doesn't wrap String and Char in quotes
Type-conditional controls in Haskell
What is being passed in?
Haskell Tuple Size Limit
Magento - blank lines being added to wsdl file
Haskell FlatMap
Running Magento for multiple clients Single Installaton Vs Multuiple installation
Writing a sample server app - is forkIO unavoidable?
change default grid columns in Magento catalogue
Remove CA from before teh $ in magento
best way to write   a-> ..->[a] recursive functions in haskell
Show Category Image with Link in Magento
Improve my Haskell implementation of Filter
Info on type family instances
Body Mass Index program in haskell
Magento - Display Individual Products
stm monad problem
Magento Home Page Layout
Maggento shoping cart gives the below error
How do you move an admin menu item in Magento
Magento - Add a button to system.xml with method attached to it
Haskell Write Computation result to file
mapping list of different types implementing same function?
What's the status of multicore programming in Haskell?
Haskell Ord instance with a Set
How do I use multiple where clauses in GHCi?
What does the `forall` keyword in Haskell/GHC do?
Are Rank2Types/RankNTypes practical without polytype variables?
Do you know a Haskell package for dirent.h on Windows?
Orphaned instances in Haskell
foldl versus foldr behavior with infinite lists
regular expression in haskell
Where to start with Magento?
[Haskell] Adding a Show instance to RWH's RandomState example.
Concatenating lists in ternary trees
unique elements in a haskell list
How do I get ghci to see packages I installed from cabal?
Y-Combinator in FT EDSL
Magento - Echo Attribute on Product Page
Are there any tutorials on building a simple interpreter using Alex + Happy?
Magento 1.4 extension development
is cabal-install supposed to act this way?
Learning Haskell, care to help out?
Is Haskell really a purely functional language?
How do I use constants in haskell, to avoid magic numbers ?
How can I convert a (StorableArray (Int, Int) Word8) into a lazy ByteString?
local folder files not taking, taking only core files (magento)
Trying to understand Haskell's => vs defining the types
How can I efficiently copy 2-dimensional arrays of bytes into a larger 2D array?
List of existentially quantified values in Haskell
How does one declare an abstract data container type in Haskell?
Help functors sink in.
add custom field to subscribtion module in Magento
uploading the widget through magento connect manager.
popularity of widget in magento.
Magento migration to local environment
Magento Point of Sale Integration
my Magento Observer is getting in Endless loop
how to write the identity function in haskell
Constraining the returntype to a Context
Haskell: Functions that sometimes return a function
Haskell map/zip Vs. list comprehension
After overriding contoller how to best update handles
SAP business one integration with Magento
How can I clear Magento Cache when using a Memcached server
"Sorry, no quotes are available for this order at this time" in Magento
custom attribute UI in Magento admin
Track inventory for add custom options in add simple product.
Likning simple products to configurable product via SOAP API V2
Haskell: How to write interactive interpreter on top of a State monad?
Memoization in Haskell?
How do I specify types for Haskell's set builder notation ?
How do I write, "if typeclass a, then a is also an instance of b by this definition."
FK and M2M realtions in Magento
how to translate email template in magento?
Why this is not throwing any type error?
SQLSTATE[42S02]: Base table or view not found:
newbie question: what role does the indentation play here? and Why one indent doesn't work?
ghci displaying execution stack
Predicate Logic in Haskell
left side menu in magento modern theme
Create A Product Review In Magento
Haskell: How is <*> pronounced?
Implicit type parameters in Haskell class definition?
Magento loop through pages
What's the next step to learning Haskell after monads?
Functional proofs (Haskell)
deducing type of multi-parameter type class
Memory footprint of Haskell data types
Cabal installing quickcheck version problem
Haskell function seems to be limiting integer length - i thought it used bignums?
Pulling in Magento Session Information is buggy
Monad "bind" function question
update magento currency rates using custom php file
Performance of "all" in haskell
Are all Haskell functors endofunctors?
What's the right way to divide two Int values to obtain a Float?
Which Haskell package contains a function most similar to MATLAB's "fsolve"?
Setting up a Magento API to automate inventory exports
Pattern matching for equality
Why is this Haskell SDL line cyan when it should be white?
How to hide an active category in Magento without disabling the URL?
Authorize and then Capture programmatically using Authorize.Net in Magento
Why doesn't the "$" function work consistantly?
upgrade magento latest version from 1.1.3 through admin dashboard
Magento; include price attributes in (product) subtotal
how does one get strings (not string literals) into blazehtml attributes/element contents?
redirect to a particular page after contact form is submitted in Magento
Haskell: Custom types with conditions
how to execute haskell program in cygwin
Haskell function composition (forward pipe) - why does this work?
[Haskell] Equivalent expressions produce different results in a function?
'mod' and -1 in haskell
How to prevent ordering certain products - or a category -  from a specific country
Haskell: print TextEncoding
Haskell Pattern Matching on the Empty Set
SceneGraph traversal in Haskell
Problems decoding a file strictly with Binary in Haskell
Haddock losing part of the documentation?
Magento discount calcuation 1p off
Looking for a web host that can handle Haskell
How do i add some more fields in Magento -> System -> My Account
Magento - Adding Files to Local/Mage has no Effect
pagination missing in Magento catalogue page
Haskell: read and type signatures
where can is the product insert funtion , i cannot find the function which inserts the product into database
Use of type synonyms in monad transformers
state monad haskell
Magento xml action path
renaming current module
Memoization & Project Euler Problem 15 in Haskell
Haskell Monoid Join Function
reindex Catalog URL Rewrites in magento never ends
Produce permutations of arbitrary number of sequences
rearranging string containing repeating patterns of variable length
Have J style adverbs, forks etc been emulated via libraries in mainstream functional languages?
Add page title to custom theme on Magento
Haskell network package documentation
Haskell numeric type heirarch in SICP exercises
How to programmatically confirm a user in Magento?
URL to reference images in Magento
Magento flat product table - retrieving "Most Viewed" product names
after join cannot filter by attribute qty - getting products from invetory that are in stock
Magento Community Edition Capability Questions
change in admin setting of magento
magento install and chmod 777
Magento Checkout - Unsecure Image
Multiple stores and multiple admins with different roles.
add categories column to the product grid in magento admin
magento how to disable image zoom
Magento - 2 or more observer on same event
Magento saving multiselect in controller ?
Magento - List Products Categories
Add AW Blog link to Magento top menu
Magento Ajax cart - the correct way
add custom field to onepage checkout in magento
Magneto discount  coupon code set but value is not subtracted  from subtotal...
Programmatically ship and comment single item of an order in Magento
Magento: find products without images (no image)
Magento - send newsletter subscription information as email
Magento - where's the php file subscribe.phtml calls once the form is submitted
Search by category name
Magento: change to Product Name or Description not displayed on frontend.
override save and load of an attribute in magento
Urgent! Magento never run my module's sql install/update script!
J2t_Ajaxcheckout installation
Magento doesn't save my catalog_product_set, what can I do?
Magento CMS pages - getting title from URL key?
Troubles after installing Two stores with same php docroot
magento product visibility
Order Import Magento 1.4.x
Magento - page title on contact page
modify Magento's default Account dashboard
changing navigation in magento dynamically
Magento - Aheadworks blog extension WYSIWYG editor
magento database structure ????
sort categories according to date when its added
Magento - Configurable products not visible until manually saved in admin panel
magento chnge feture product change
Magento: Display # of pages in category list page
Can Subccategories be included in the menus directly?
product price Issue
how to add more simple products into configurable products using magento API
Changing Design For All Module Pages In Magento
which file? to edit the breadcrumbs starting point
magento non object in search
Magento: Best way to avoid extension conflicts
Magento add rate options to products
How do you create inputs for custom options in the Magento admin
Magento custom attributes failing to install
Magento Api is too slow for lakhs of products
How to cache a collection in Magento?
Magento: Get Image Gallery in list.phtml
How can i intregrate camiloo with magento
Magento best-sellers list not updating with cache enabled
magento show products in left side bar
Magento extension giving problem at time of install
Prototype (1.6.0.3) function .insert does not work within dom:loaded event in Magento 1.4
Social/Open Log-In: Magento?
magento Baseurl from helper function
Magento - local file is not working.
AW Blog (Create Bookmarklet Feature)
Ideas for Implementing Magento Order Approval process?
How do I create custom fields like mobile number  in customer registration form  without modifying  magento core files?
magento extension "remeber me" not working
magento VS magento clone - cost of ownership
maaging footer content,
Magento - making a new getProductCollection() function
Magento admin panel gives 404 when trying to enter cms pages
Magento product listing using ajax
Magento: Where is head.php?
Magenot: Difference between loading product through collection than product model
Magento 1.4 - new order email notification not beign sent
can i configure a product like this
Magento: getting an attribute of a nav filter item
How to get data for an entity (for example customer) from eav_attribute table to be shown in Customer Grid for admin
Magento: case/tiered pricing and being able to break out of case and price for individual skus
Events not firing/or observer not working in magento
Changing the root_dir on a magento system
Magento: which catalog_product_flat I need to select from? and what is catalog_product_entity_datetime table?
Magento : manually imported product partially saved
jquery,prototype,mootools altogether in magento
displaying category on a cms page in magento
how to configure Magento in my local xampp
magento import image attribute not inserting in table
Magento e-Commerce cannot generate reports
Magento get a product collection in an arbritrary order
Creating a configurable Magento attribute from scratch
How to call a method before the mehtod of requested controller is executed : magento
Magento custom blocks
How to add custom uploded images to cart in magento 1.4.1.1?
Set session time out limit for magento frontend
Magento discount coupan code created on fly but not working properly.
Magento: Two flat rate Shipping Rates based on weight
Magento Admin login kicks me out back to the Admin login
Magento - javascript reliance = huge usability issues
Problem:fetch product URL in a custom Module: Magento
Magento: Add a "fake" product to cart/quote
Cannot create a controller in Magento
Magento with external datasource
Why magento does not provide Guide or Manual for developers?
custom module links not appear after upgrading the magento. it will work on local machine but not work on live?
in magento 1.3.2 which file is responsible forstoring the data of payment gateway options like Mastercard visa AMEX?
Magento: Set a product to not be visible in search or catalog but the url still exist
Authorize.net Wrong Merchant Type From Magento
installing Lingotip translate on Magento; php version conflict; would like to override
How to integrate ezComponents with magento
Not able to check if user is logged in magento system in footer.phtml file on some pages
Creating an admin url for Magento that is admin.magentostore.com (not /admin)
magento customer creation and guest to be converted to regular customer
How to have "My Cart" link outside of Top Links?
attribute select magento query
Magento & Google Checkout & Tracking
New module in magento not updating layout
magento 1.3.1 undefined alert error
Magento custom module image restore
Magento development
getStoreCategories() returns nothing
How to setup a Magento rewrite rule that keeps it's GET parameters
Please specify the product's option(s) in Magento.
Magento: Change default product image with PNG
Magento Installation Problem
magento 1.3.1 undefined alert error in checkout only for credit card but not for paypal
Magento 1.4 - Get the quantity of most selling products
Bundled Product add new option error
Country name based themeing system on  Magento
Magento Custom Field Defines Product
How to put magento in maintenance
Magento: Can you set it so all Websites share the same order increment id sequence?
magento custom link and insertion of form data
how to add content to the right structural block in magento
Magento - getting the wrong number of the method count()
Magento - add percentage on top of calculated price
Magento - Retrieve data from database and showing duplicate result
how to apply different shipping method for different country in magento
Magento 'loses' categories when entering a subcategory.
Magento - Modify and have different set of fields and labels for cart and checkout screens
Display ALL categories that a product belongs to in Magento
Magento - How to check if a product has already been removed from the cart
Overwriting / Overloading a controller class in Magento
Is this possible with Magento?
url CMS pages magento
What Block Type for Left Column in Magento Theme?
Invoice for 2 or more orders in magento
Magento - Checking if a module is installed?
magento 1.4, why does a configurable product have a sku
magento customize onepage checkout process
Multiple magento stores on single domain.
How can Set Current currency in paypal in magento?
Starting with Magento
magento onepage checkout problem
How long do the magento session files need to be kept?
Extra Customer Functionality in Magento
How to add grid in Magento edit tab?
Inventory decreases by 1 even if order was cancelled
Create a new Block in Magento
magento newsletter not posting
how to add magento widgets in static block
Magento category display problem on homepage on the left and right column
Magento - Dynamic Listbox in a cutom module
Magento > product displaying in subcategory but not in the category
Magento Installation Information
change order of blocks via local.xml file in magento
Credit card processing between Magento & Oracle
Magento - How to rewrite /app/design/frontend/default/default/template/customer/form/register.phtml
Have Magento respond to several domains with the same store
Magento - link to a frontend skin js file from an admin file
Paginating a long list of checkboxes in Magento
Magento "Miscellaneous scripts"
Magento Admin Dashboard graph displays "no data found" sometimes, how do I remove that?
magento bundle product displaying as out of stock
Magento case price question
Magento - Pricing Matrix?
Magento Associated Product Options
Magento add to cart quantity update problem..
Magento as low as price displays on some pages but not all?
Toggle Shipping Methods Based on Products
Overridding a Shipping Method - What am I missing
Adding Thumbnail Image on "Related Products" on the Backend of Magento
how do remove credit card (save) from magento
adding price rules to magento products
Magento - Hide price and "Add to Wishlist" link in Category product list page
Magento - How to translate the module mini-form search
Magento Admin Custom Sales Report
Filter Magento collection but not products, using distinct
Magento get Last login
how can i delete test order from magento
Magento topSearch doesn't work in template
Magento - Programmatically added products don't show up
PayPal Orders Cancelling Automatically In Magento
Differentiating Backend vs. Frontend Purchases in Magento
credit card detail in magento
Where are Magento's Admin Controllers?
Magento product's category
Magento grouped product options
Magento: The best way to hook into the checkout process
Importing/parsing XML from URL into Magento
Moving advanced search - Magento
What shopping cart is the most scalable?
custom page in magento
getQuote function magento
Magento - determine which xml layout file a page is using?
Create guest order in the backend with magento
Magento export product problem
magento product export custom options
magento block injction via module.xml
Add upload feature to Magento CMS
Set Tax Rate in Magento based on Discount / Coupon Code.
Run Magento in the future!
Bringing in value of Coupon Code into calculation.php in magento.
Magento: find orders containing a product
Magento, 1 db field not saved
Magento get number of products for a price range
Can't See Product Options on Magento 1.4.2
change search entite store message magento
What is the best way to limit a modules functionality by store or website
$item->getProduct()->getQty not working in magento
magento advanced search not able to get proper price
Customer session is different in different parts of a Magento website
How to duplicate Magento report? Unable Change action function name
Testing sucess with shipping enabled vs disabled in Magento
Magento Connect is not working after migration
Magento - use an alternate "price.phtml" (in addition to the existing one)
show the order display page in new page in magento
is it possible to make order via phone or using IVR in magento?
Magento paypal currency error
creating magento groups needs reindexing
What Confuses you about Magento Widgets?
Add option value to product, then to cart with Magento
magento - create a global function
Add a cart link (with number of items) in the sidebar in Magento.
Issue with Advance Featured Products Extension in Magento 1.4.2
Magento - Multiselect color attribute
Magento - create a helper class
Magento - Adminhtml - Default website in new customer form
Weird Error In My system.log file Over and Over and Over
How to get the reference to a model object instance in Magento
new page in backend in  magento
How to get All Credit card Details entered by Customer till now in Magento?
order detail with sql query in magento?
Magento 1.5 install on Mac OSX - Errors on Installer
magento database connectivity
Multi-part clothing store in Magento.
Don't display stock counter for bundle products
Is this normal Magento memory behaviour
Displaying all attributes on the simple product table of a grouped product - Magento
Preconfigured Magento Widgets
magento working of paypal express checkout
Is there a way to refresh Magento *Catalog* (not Shopping Cart) prices with a Coupon code?
Magento wishlist sidebar and main view only return last 3 added items
Magento Custom Options VS Attributes
Want to add custom option from the frontend of magento
Magento : Call to a member function count() on a non-object
